This document is based on the provisions of GB/T 1.1 一 202 Standardization Work Guidelines, Part 1: Structure and Drafting Rules for Standardization Documents.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology “Chinese Coded Character Set and GB 18030-2005, except for structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main changes are as follows:
The scope of application of this document has been expanded (see Chapter 1),
In the bi-byte encoding area, the positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components corresponding to GB/I 13000 codes were changed. In addition to 6 Chinese character components with repeated encoding and 9 Chinese characters with repeated encoding (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
In the four-byte coding area, 18 GB/T 13000 code positions have been changed (see Appendix D, 2005 edition);
The appendix "Additional Chinese Characters and Parts/Parts of Characters" in the 2005 edition has been deleted,
The level of achievement has been increased "(see draft No. 9);
The information appendix “General Standard Characters Table; Code Positions of Proposal Characters” has been added. See Appendix D for details.
Please note that some content in this document may involve patents. The publisher of this document is not responsible for identifying patents.
This document was proposed by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China and is under its jurisdiction.
The following is the release history of this document and its replaced documents:
It was first published in 2000 as GB 18030-2000, and was revised for the first time in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 一 2022
Information expansion “Chinese encoding character set”
This document specifies the Chinese graphic characters and binary codes used in information technology, as well as their hexadecimal representations.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input, and output of Chinese and other character graphic character information.
This document applies to technical products that have the function of informatization processing and exchange of Chinese and other character graphics information, including but not limited to software products such as input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text conversion, and JOY WRITING, and convenience products such as computers, communication terminal devices, electronic book readers, and learning machines.
2. Referential documents for disclosure
The following documents constitute essential provisions of this document by means of normative references in the text.
Among them, the reference documents with a date of issue are only applicable to this document for the version corresponding to that date; the reference documents without a date of issue are applicable to this document with the latest factory version (including all amendments).
GB/T 2312-1980 “Character set for information exchange using Chinese characters” Basic set
GB/I 11383-1989 Information Processing “Information Exchange Code Structure and Coding Rules”
GB/T 13000 Information Technology Common 8-bit Coded Character Set (UCS)
3 Terminology and definitions
The following English and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character
An element in a set of elements that is used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Show the character (3.1) and its encoding.
3.3 User-defined private use area
Users who use products that comply with this document can set their own regions.
3.4 Repertoire
A set of characters (3.1) represented by a code character (3.2) set.
3.5 Protected zone
Leave it in the area stipulated in this document for the future.
GB 18030 一 2022
4-character compound
4.1 Overview
The characters in this document are encoded as single, double, or four-byte characters.
The single-byte portion includes all 128 characters from GB/T 11383-1989, from 0x00 to 0x7F.
4.3 Two-byte part
The two-byte portion includes all the graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, all the CJK unified characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
The characters in the two-byte portion are defined in Appendix A.
Among them, the graphics, code positions, and functions of the symbolic character description symbols should comply with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract shapes are assigned separate code positions; Chinese characters with different sources but the same abstract shapes are assigned shared code positions.
CJK Unified Ideographs is the name given to encoded Chinese characters, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Four-byte part
The four-byte portion includes 66 CJK unified characters (9FA6 to 9FEF) from GB/T 13000, excluding the above two-byte characters, 66 CJK unified characters from CJK Unified Hanzi Expansion A, 66 CJK unified characters from CJK Unified Hanzi Expansion BCJK, 66 CJK unified characters from CJK Unified Hanzi Expansion DCJK, and characters from CJK Unified Hanzi Expansion F and ethnic minority characters already encoded in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the four-byte portion are defined in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the text, any number preceded by 0x is in hexadecimal form, and any number not preceded by 0x is in decimal form.
In the appendix, all encoded representations are in hexadecimal, and all other representations are in decimal.
The single-byte portion uses the coding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using code points from 0x00 to 0x7F.
The two-byte character code in the Gong part represents a character using two eight-bit binary strings. The first byte code is from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the last byte code is 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE.
The four-byte portion uses 0x30 to 0x39, which are not used in GB/T 11383-1989, as a suffix to expand the two-byte encoding range, from 0x81308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The first four-character code range for hexadecimal characters is 0x81 to 0xFE; the second code range is 0x30 to 0x39; the third code range is 0x81 to 0xFE; and the fourth code range is 0x30 to 0x39. That is: 0x81308130 to 0x81308139; 0x81308230 to 0x81308239; 0x8130FEFE30 to 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 to 0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c “0URo23061393 0xFE39FE30 to 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code position range allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
The sequence of 6 characters
6.1 The arrangement of characters in the single-character brush section
The single-character record section arranges the characters in the order corresponding to the characters in GB/I 11383 1989.
6.2 The arrangement of characters in the two-character city name
The arrangement of characters in the lower part of the double characters should conform to Appendix A.
6.3 The arrangement of characters in the four-character brush section
From 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, there are 50400 code points, corresponding to all characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane that are not included in the bi-byte portion. They are arranged in the order corresponding to the characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1058400 bits are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000. The character arrangement sequence is completely in accordance with the corresponding bit sequence of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The four-character substring should be arranged in accordance with Appendix C.
7-bit allocation
1. Code position allocation in the single-character city section
The code positions of the single-byte portion are allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
The allocation of single-byte code points is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code position allocation of the double-letter part
The bit arrangement of the double byte portion is divided into two parts: 0x8140~0xFE7E and 0x8180~0xFEFE, with a total of 23940 bits.
The allocation of the two-byte code positions is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 bits
Byte 1 of the double word: 846 bits
SS WA and RS Binning 3 Zone 6080 Code Position
First byte 0xA8~0xA9, second byte 5 sectors: 192 code positions
3. Two-letter vegetable part coding space structure diagram
Table 2 Code position arrangement of the bi-word section
Human code range
Code position allocation of the four-character brush section
The four-character section includes Chinese characters and some minority ethnic scripts.
The allocation of four-bit people codes is shown in Table 3.
The four-byte code position allocation not specified in Table 3 is described in 6.3.
Table 3 Code position arrangement of the four-character hearing section
Code position range
Table 3 Code position arrangement of the four-byte part (continued)
Bit range Bit number character
From 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39, there are 25200 bits for user customization.
The other unused four-byte code positions are reserved areas, which are left for future file expansion.
Part 8: Explanation of characters and codes
Compared with GB 18030-2005, the shapes of some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General principles
This document defines three levels of implementation.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level should provide input and output functions for all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Achieve level 1
Implement the CJK Unified Han characters at level 1 (i.e., 0x82358F33 to 0x82359636) and CJK Unified Han characters Expansion A (i.e., 0x8139EE39 to 0x82358738) in the single-byte encoding part, the bi-seasonal encoding part, and the four-character-below encoding part of this document.
Any product covered by this document must meet the requirements for level 1 compliance.
Note: Depending on the needs of software applications, level 1 can also implement any one or more of the non-Chinese character types listed in table 3.
9.3 Achieve level 2
Level 2 includes Level 1.
In addition, it also achieves level 2 compliance with the encoding of Chinese characters that are not included in the General Standard Chinese Character Table.
The code positions and characters of the characters included in the General Standardized Chinese Character Table) in this document can be found in the appendix.
System software and supporting software should meet the requirements of level 2.
Note: System software and application software includes, but is not limited to, operating systems, database management systems, and middleware (for information on software product classification, see GB/T 36475).
9.4 Achieve level 3
Level 3 includes Level 2.
In addition, the level 3 kanji must also include all the kanji specified in this document and the initials of the Kanji listed in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of level 3 of the standard.
Note: The public service and shared service industry includes, but is not limited to, the railway transportation industry, the road transportation industry, the water transportation industry, the air transportation industry, the multimodal transportation and transportation agency industry, the postal industry, the monetary and financial services industry, the insurance industry, the land management industry, the health industry, the national institutions industry, the social security industry, and so on (for information on industry classification, see GB/T 4754).
Appendix A (normative)
Two-letter character table
A.1 Table content
This table provides the shape and code of two-byte encoded characters, as well as the position of the corresponding code in GB/T 13000.
A.2 Table Description
Here is an example:
First byte, second byte low position
双字节 3 区
Second byte high position GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (Regulatory)
Symbolic character description symbols
This appendix includes 13 pictographic description symbols specified in GB/TI 13000, along with their graphic codes and functional descriptions.
For specific content, see Table B.1.
Table B.1: Graphical description of characters, code position, and function description
The bit positions of this document are similar but not equal to the bit positions of GB/T 13000, and they are used to express foreign words by borrowing certain characters.
Left and right structure
Up-down structure
Left-center-right structure
Upper-middle-lower structure
All-encompassing structure
The structure of the encirclement below
The return enclosure structure
Right encirclement structure
Right lower encircling structure
Left lower encircling structure
Right upper encircling structure
Rental package structure
Appendix C (normative)
Four-character book character table
C.1 Table content
This table shows the shapes and codes of Chinese characters and some minority ethnic scripts, along with the corresponding GB/TI 13000 codes for those characters, but the shapes of other characters are omitted.
Explanation of Table C.2
Appendix D (Informational)
Explanation of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions
B 18030 一 2005 stipulates the temporary code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000. These code positions are adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Correspondence between adjusted codes (continued)
This document and GB 18030 一 2005 correspond to GB/T 13000 code positions.
D.2 The six Chinese character components deleted in the Dongzhiwu District
Table D.2 Code position and reserved characters
D.3 9 CJK compatible characters deleted under the double-byte zone
This document deletes the 9 CJK characters included in GB/TI 13000 collected in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3: Deleted 9 CJK compatible Chinese characters and their code positions
Appendix A (informational) "General Standardized Chinese Character Table" Code positions for Chinese characters
This document includes all 8105 standard characters approved by the State Council of the People's Republic of China and published in the 4th General Standard Character Table in 2013. Their code positions and characters are shown in Table 1.
The arrangement of Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the 4 General Standard Characters Table. Characters with serial numbers 1 to 3500 are first-level characters, characters with serial numbers 3501 to 6500 are second-level characters, and characters with serial numbers 6501 to 8105 are third-level characters.
Table E.1: Character shapes and code positions in the General Standard Chinese Character Table
GB/4754 National Economic Industry Classification
GB/36475 Software Product Classification
General Standard Chinese Character Table. State Council of the People's Republic of China (National Development and Reform Commission [2013] No. 23).
The content of this manual is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler and is limited to explaining the meaning of options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain it, the EURo file and the Info file are authoritative documents.
If you find any discrepancies between the manual pages and the software, please check the Info
If we find that the content of this manual page is causing significant confusion and complaints due to its outdated nature, we will stop publishing it. There is no other option, such as updating the Info file while updating the man page, because there is no time left for us to do this while other work maintaining Gnu cc is being done. The GNU project believes that the man page is an outdated product and should spend time on other things.
If you need complete and up-to-date documentation, please refer to the Info file `gee' or the manual Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0). Both are derived from the original Texinfo file gee. texinfo.
The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They both need to process input files in one or more of the four steps: preprocessing, compilation, assembly, and linking.
The source file suffix identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix controls the default settings:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C file and sets up a connection in C format,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a C++ file and sets up a C++-style connection.
The suffix of the source file indicates the type of language and the subsequent operations:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
. CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i is a preprocessed C file; compilation, assembly
.ii Pre-processed C++ files; compilation, assembly
.s assembly language source program; assembly
Compile the language source program; preprocessing, compilation
.h preprocessor file; it is not usually present on the command line and other files with the same name are passed to the linker. It usually includes:
.0 Object file
.a archive file
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the entire process), linking is always the last step.
During the linking phase, all .e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, and unrecognizable file names (including specified .o H header files and .a library files) are passed to the linker options (OPTIONS) in the order specified in the command line.
The options must be given separately: de ' is completely different from `-d -r '.
Most of the `=-E : and `-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
Only formats that are not default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in the following sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Specify that the language of the file you are about to enter is language (rather than the default selection based on the file name).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next `-x' option .language is encountered.
Close any explicit indication of the language, thus based on the file name after the file processing option RE AS E ` -x' (after the file processing option).
If you only operate on a part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, linking), you can use the `-x' option (or the file name followed by Ah) to tell geo where to start, and use the `~-c', `-s', or `-E' options to tell geo where to end. Note that some combination of options (such as `-x cpp-output -E') tell geo to compile or assemble the source file, and in the absence of the `-E' option, GCC replaces the source file name with `.o' and the `.ec' target file name. You can use the `-o' option to choose other names. GCC ignores any unrecognizable input files after the `-ec' option.
The target document is complete.
Translation stops after compilation, no compilation files are generated.
Work is done using pipes rather than temporary files at different stages of the compilation process, because the compilers of those systems cannot read data from pipes, but GNU's compiler does not have this problem. The C "dialect" that the compiler can accept: it supports C programs that conform to the ANSI standard.
This will close off some of the features in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as features such as unix and vax, which indicate that ANSI trigraphs are rarely used, and prohibit the use of (translation: in a hosted environment, all standard libraries are available, and the main function returns an int value, which is typical for almost all programs except for the kernel. In a standalone environment (freestanding environment), there are no standard libraries, and the program entry point is not necessarily main. The most obvious example is the operating system kernel. For details, refer to the latest information on the gcc website).
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', handle them in the C style - that is, without specifying the number or type of parameters. (For C++ only.)
Under normal circumstances, a function like foo in C++ means that the parameter is empty.
The NC list goes from here to try to support certain aspects of traditional C compilers.
See the NU c manual for details, we have removed the details, so when the content becomes outdated, people won't HERI.
There is one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing this to be assigned.
He is the same as the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional Cc preprocessor.
Especially the content mentioned above about the preprocessor, but does not include the other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of `$' characters in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the `-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to indicate that the use of `$' is prohibited.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' symbol by default on some target systems, but not all systems.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversion from ant type to enumeration type (MEF C++) .
Under normal circumstances, GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int, but not vice versa.
-fexternal-—templates generates smaller code for template declarations (only for C++) by creating a copy of each template function only where it is defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark `#pragma implementation` (define) or `#pragma interface` (declare) in all files that use the template.
When compiling with the `-fexternal-templates' option, all template instantiations are external types. You must make the necessary instances appear in the implementation files.
This can be achieved through typedef, which references each instance as needed.
Correspondingly, if the default option `-fno-extern-templates` is used during compilation, all template instances explicitly set as built-in.
All member functions (except for constructor child functions and mnew or delete member operators) are considered virtual functions of the class they are in.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal virtual function table.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be directly called; in this case, it is directly called.
-fcond-mismatch allows the types of the second and third parameters of the conditional expression to be mismatched.
The value of this expression is Void.-fthis-—is-variable, which allows you to assign a value to this (only for C++).
After merging the user-defined free storage management mechanism into C++, the assignable `this` becomes outdated.
Therefore, by default, assigning this inside a class member function is an invalid operation.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this operation work by using the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, just like unsigned char.
All machines have their own default char type, which can be either unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, when relying on symbolic data, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned char.
However, many programs are written using only simple chars, and this is because they are working with signed numbers (or unsigned numbers, depending on the target machine on which the program is being written).
This option, and its opposite, make such a program work with the corresponding default value.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If no explicit declaration of the 'signed' or 'unsigned' modifiers is provided, these options are used to define a signed or unsigned bit field.
By default, the positional fields are symbolic, because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed, but if the `-traditional' option is specified, the positional fields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in writable data segments and does not treat them specially.
This is to accommodate some old programs, and changing the string constant is a very bad idea, and the `-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive summary
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
Its impact may be similar to the economic crisis of 2008
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, this disease has overwhelmed healthcare services and brought them to the brink of collapse. The restrictions imposed by governments have caused serious disruptions in the global economy.
The impact of this epidemic on the drug market is not yet clear and difficult to predict, but it may have far-reaching consequences.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and basic chemicals.
Traffickers may be unable to cross borders due to travel restrictions, and may have to find new routes and methods.
The patterns of drug use and supply may change, and the government's ability to respond may be hindered.
The changes brought about by COVID-19 are unprecedented, but we can still learn some lessons from past crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances and switched to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments around the world have cut their budgets related to drugs.
If governments around the world respond to the current economic downturn in the same way, interventions and drug treatment services may suffer a severe blow, including measures to prevent drug use and related risky behaviors.
In addition, the priority of interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Some countries have a large amount of drugs smuggled through commercial flights, and these countries are expected to be directly affected the most by drug trafficking activities.
Messengers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in their backpacks or hide them in their personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. As restrictions have been imposed on air passenger traffic in almost all places, activities involving the supply of drugs through commercial air travel may be completely disrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, activities involving trafficking using the dark web and parcel delivery may increase.
In the long run, the economic recession and related closure measures may disrupt the drug market.
Due to the rising unemployment rate and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people are more likely to use drugs in a harmful way, develop drug addiction, and turn to illegal activities related to drugs, whether it is production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable people and recruit new members to strengthen their ranks.
As the government's ability to respond decreases, these changes are likely to take root quickly and become the new reality in many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth model partially explains the reason for market expansion
Drug addiction is on the rise all over the world, both in terms of overall numbers and in terms of the proportion of drug addicts in the world's population.
In 2009, it was estimated that there were 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64. In 2018, it was estimated that there were 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3% of this population.
Over the past two decades, the growth rate of drug use in developing countries has been much faster than that in developed countries.
This to some extent reflects the differences in overall population growth during this period, with developed countries increasing by 7% and developing countries increasing by 28%, but it also reflects the faster growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug users.
During the period from 2000 to 2018, the population in this age group in developing countries grew by 16%, while the population in this age group in developed countries decreased by 10%.
Urbanization is a driving factor in the current and future drug markets
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more common in urban areas than in rural areas.
One of the reasons for the overall increase in drug use is the large-scale migration of people from rural areas to cities. Currently, more than half of the world's population lives in urban areas, compared to 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, particularly in developing countries where urbanization trends are more pronounced.
The increase in wealth is linked to an increase in drug use, but the people who bear the greatest burden of disease are the poorest people worldwide, and drug use is more common in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are more firmly connected to the world's wealthier regions.
Similarly, within each country, the drug use rate is higher among the wealthy social classes.
However, the rate of conversion to drug addiction is higher among people with lower socio-economic status.
Data from a few countries show that there is a link between harmful drug use patterns and low income and disease.
These patterns seem less common in wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks faced by the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as an increase in unemployment, have traditionally been associated with an increase in drug use, but this pandemic has already forced millions of people around the world out of work.
COVID-19 may lead to further expansion of the drug market. The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in the cultivation of illicit crops, either because the control capacity of the national authorities has decreased, or because more people may have to resort to illegal activities in an economic crisis.
The related restrictions on COVID-19 have led to a decrease in air and land transportation, and smuggling by sea may have increased as a result. The risk of interception at sea is low, and there are more smuggled goods by sea than by air or land.
Recently, there have been reports that cocaine goods can be directly transported from South America to Europe by sea.
Complexity increased
The appearance of non-internationally controlled substances has stabilized, but new types of opioids with potential harm are increasing, and the drug market is becoming more complex.
In addition to plant substances such as marijuana, cocaine, and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of drugs is also rapidly increasing.
There are about 500 new active substances on the domestic market in member countries every year.
At present, most of them are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and a small amount of opioids.
Although the total number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
Among the total number of new psychoactive substances identified in 2014, opioid new psychoactive substances accounted for only 2%, but by 2018, this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances in the opioid family are similar to fentanyl, and their effects and dangers have been proven, leading to overdose deaths in North America and other regions, although to a lesser extent.
In North America, fentanyl is used as a diluent for heroin and other drugs (including cocaine and methamphetamine), and as a component in the manufacture of counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
Some evidence suggests that there is also injection of new psychoactive substances in Europe: a study of discarded syringe residues in six European cities found that many syringes were contaminated with new psychoactive substances that have a stimulating effect.
The use of new psychoactive substances may gradually become entrenched among vulnerable groups
New psychoactive substances of a single type have almost never formed a large market.
However, evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among socially marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with most countries identifying synthetic cannabinoids as the main challenge.
Control of precursor chemicals forces drug makers to innovate. Many chemicals that were once used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine, and "ecstasy" have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and manufacturers have been looking for alternatives not only to substances with looser controls, but also to chemicals specifically designed to evade controls, known as "special precursors".
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to further squeeze drug traffickers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this has already become a reality: in March 2020, a shortage of methylphenidate precursors imported from East Asia reportedly led to price increases for methylphenidate in Mexico and the United States.
The market is constantly changing
Synthetic drugs replace opioids in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opioid market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appeared to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opioids intercepted by the authorities in the Russian Federation has decreased by about 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use has decreased significantly.
However, the market for performance-enhancing drugs seems to be thriving.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including ephedrine and a-pyrrolidinopentiophenone, are now readily available on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities reported that the number of secret drug manufacturing sites that produce various illegal drugs has risen sharply in recent years, more than doubling in two years, reaching 152 sites in 2018.
Methamphetamine markets in Afghanistan and Iraq are growing
As early as 2012, surveys of hospital, prison, and other institutional staff had already revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal methamphetamine has become another major drug of concern, in addition to "fenethylline" and qumador, which is worrying.
A study in 2015 further confirmed these findings, with drug users saying that marijuana was harder to obtain than "fenethylline" or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities have discovered several methamphetamine processing points, and the International Narcotics Control Board has expressed concern about the large import of pseudoephedrine drugs, which are used as precursors by methamphetamine processing points.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine production seems to have started in 2014.
Since then, the seizure volume of methamphetamine has been steadily increasing.
However, the seizure volume in the first half of 2019 was 657 kilograms, a significant increase compared to the previous year.
Large quantities of methamphetamine believed to originate from Afghanistan have been seized in other countries, which also indicates that the country's production is rapidly increasing.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions that have legalized the non-medical use of marijuana have seen an increase in its use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay, and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, the use of cannabis has increased since it was legalized, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical use of cannabis.
In Colorado and Washington, the two states that first passed legislation on marijuana use in the United States, the number of adults using marijuana for non-medical purposes has increased, particularly in the past month and on a daily or almost daily basis. This has been higher than the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that marijuana use has increased in Uruguay since 2011, with usage almost doubling last month.
This indicates that the main reason for the increase is the regular and frequent use of marijuana.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, usage was also increasing.
However, in 2019, 40% of marijuana users still obtained some products from illegal sources.
Is the sharp drop in global cannabis herb seizures due to the legalization of cannabis?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years, due to a decline in seizures in North America, which fell by 84% over the past 10 years.
In comparison, seizures in other parts of the world almost doubled during the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at liberalizing the marijuana market played a key role in the decline.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances seems to have a deterrent effect, but it is still difficult to assess the effectiveness of the regulation of new psychoactive substances in China.
Some countries that have different regulatory systems for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of use of new psychoactive substances.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased after the adoption of domestic legislation.
Weak groups face harm from both legal and illegal drug markets. Opioids used for pain management and palliative treatment are mainly available in high-income countries. The distribution of painkillers is uneven in different regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
These countries account for about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that the population of low-income and middle-income countries accounts for 88% of the global population, but the consumption of pharmaceutical opioids is less than 10%.
Obstacles to obtaining opioid medications are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, the health system, and prescription practices.
People living in poverty are at greater risk of drug addiction. In 2018, about 35.6 million people were suffering from drug addiction.
Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization can increase the risk of drug addiction and exacerbate its consequences. This has been confirmed by research in high-income countries, where individual socioeconomic trajectories are not only related to their situation at a particular point in time, but also to the risk of drug addiction.
Drug addiction also deepens socio-economic disadvantage, further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty, and homelessness, thus fueling a vicious cycle. These outcomes may also be related to the humiliating attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, sexual and gender diverse groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and people living in rural environments may also be disproportionately affected by drug addiction or face problems in accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy years lost due to disability and premature death, harmful drug use has had a greater social impact over the past 10 years.
From 2007 to 2018, the global disability-adjusted life years attributable to drug use increased by 17%.
The increase in the number of years of life with disability due to untreated hepatocellular carcinoma caused by hepatitis C among injecting drug users is particularly high - reaching 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex, making it difficult to determine all the causal relationships between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggests that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
However, in violent incidents, alcohol seems to play a greater role than drugs.
Although drug use may lead to crime, in some cases, this connection can be partially attributed to multiple intervening factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by individual risk factors, family environment, and peers.
The connection between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure in place, large-scale organized crime activities, including international drug trafficking, can be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the existence and severity of violence is more dependent on changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized crime groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group compared to another.
Latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most harmful
It is estimated that 192 million people used marijuana in 2018, making it the most widely used drug in the world.
In comparison, there were 58 million people using opioids in 2018.
However, the related harm of opioids is ignored due to the small number of users.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug abuse in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances, and 50% of the 21 million years of life lost due to disability or premature death believed to be caused by drug abuse were caused by these substances.
The non-medical use of synthetic opioids has exacerbated the public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, the crisis is exacerbated by ketamine; in North America, it is fentanyl. These two regions have almost no commonalities in terms of economic, demographic data, or general drug use patterns, but they are both struggling to combat the ketamine crisis fueled by easily obtainable and low-cost substances.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in opioid overdose deaths over the past 20 years.
In 2018, of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States, two-thirds involved fentanyl.
Canada also reported similar results, but with lower numbers.
One of the reasons why fentanyl causes overdose deaths is the unpredictable effects of fentanyl in the illegal drug market.
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, the market for non-medical uses of kombucha has grown significantly.
In the region, more and more Qumado patients are receiving treatment.
In 2017, the global seizure of fentanyl increased significantly, reaching a peak of over 125 tons.
However, in 2018, after India passed a new law regulating ketamine, global seizures fell to 32 tons.
The crises in these two locations were caused by the production of simple and low-cost products, as well as the lack of international regulation of ketamine and many other fentanyl-like substances or their precursors.
What exacerbates the crisis in these two locations is that these substances are available on both the pharmaceutical market and the black market, making it even more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
The use of stimulants is increasing
The field of stimulants is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are on the rise in their main markets.
In 2018, there were approximately 19 million people using cocaine, as cocaine is popular in North America and Western Europe.
There were approximately 27 million people using amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most commonly used amphetamine in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most of the indicators available, the use of methamphetamine has been expanding in these two regions for the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes even replacing each other. When the use of one drug increases, the use of the other decreases, and sometimes both increase and decrease to meet the demands of the same market.
COVID-19 increases the risk for injecting drug users
It is estimated that there were about 11.3 million people injecting drugs in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections are caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million drug injectors are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million people have hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died from drug use, half of whom died from liver disease caused by hepatitis B. Hepatitis B in injecting drug users is still largely untreated.
The shortage of opioids caused by COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to turn to more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injection or inject more frequently, more harmful use patterns may emerge.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Instructions for use
Product introduction
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it properly.
The headphones themselves come with a mid-size earplug, so you can remove them if you feel uncomfortable.
01 Wearing headphones
Gently insert the earplugs into your ears at an angle, so that the headphones on your head do not move.
When talking on the phone, pointing the microphone of the headset towards your mouth can make the conversation clearer.
When changing the call, please remember to adjust the microphone of the headset.
Before using the device, please tear off the plastic film from the charging points on both earphones, and fully charge the charging box and earphones.
The charging cable can be inserted to charge both the headphones and the charging box at the same time.
When the charging box is not fully charged, the charging indicator light is on and stays on; when fully charged, the indicator light goes out.
When charging the headphones, the headphone indicator light is on and the headphones are fully charged, and the indicator light turns off 1 minute after it turns on.
02 Charging and booting up
The headphones are inside the charging box, and the headphones automatically turn on when they are taken out of the charging box.
The headphones are not in the charging box and have been turned off. Press and hold the multifunction key for about 1 second (the white light will be on for 1 second).
Hold for about 1 second
White light is bright for 1 second
Shutdown
Put it in the charging case, and the headphones will automatically turn off.
In the on state, press and hold the multi-function key for about 5 seconds (red light stays on for 2 seconds)
Press and hold for about 5 seconds
People's Red Light Long and Bright 2 Machine
03 Start using it
Automatic connection: the station automatically connects two earphones to the charging box when they are taken out.
The two gears automatically engage, and the white lights turn on.
The red and white lights then flickered on. The left and right pouches seemed to be connected in a string.
Wait for the left/right earphone LED to flash. Open the device and search for “RedmIArDots2” and click on the complete dissolution.
After the first connection, the Fanzy will automatically reconnect to the last paired device (Bluetooth must be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the headphones back in the charging case and repeat the above steps.
Long press for about 1 second to turn on
Headphone indicator light
Single ear/double ear switchable; when both earphones are successfully connected, they are in dual-ear mode; when either earphone is placed back into the charging case, the other earphone enters single-ear mode, and it can automatically switch back to dual-ear mode when taken out.
Manual connection: When turning off the headphones, manually turn on both headphones. The white light will turn on, followed by the red and white flashing lights. The left and right headphones will automatically connect. Wait for the white lights on the left and right headphones to flash slowly, and then turn on the device and search for a Bluetooth connection.
Resetting the headphones
If the headphones cannot be connected and used normally, please reset them according to the following method:
Headphones: Take the headphones out of the charging case, and while the device is turned off, press and hold the multifunction keys on both headphones for 15 seconds each. Release the keys and put the headphones back in the charging case (this will clear the pairing record between the headphones and the device). The red and white lights will flash three times.
The product accessories, user interfaces, and other illustrations in the manual are for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the illustrations. Please refer to the actual product.
Appointed party: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Fengxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi Ecological Chain Enterprises)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongli District, Chongqing
Business phone number: 400-100-5678
For information related to Benyangao, please visit the sales website: www.micom.com.cn
The book of the V10reae is here: V10reae
Functional highlights
The following functions can be operated on both earphones. When a call comes in, answer it by pressing lightly; when on a call or playing music, play/pause the audio by pressing and holding for about 1 second; and when on a call, press and hold for about 1 second to hang up.
When the phone rings, refuse the call and switch to the headset/mobile phone by double-clicking
During the call, turn on/off the mute mode
When idle, activate voice assistant (requires device support for voice function and quick wake-up setting enabled)
Answer the second call and switch the call
When you receive a new call on your mobile phone, you can keep the previous call active and answer the second call by clicking the multifunction key once; you can switch between two calls by clicking the multifunction key twice.
Basic parameters
Product name: Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Product model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the headphones
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameters: 5V 200mA
Single ear weight: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free outdoor environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5.0
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/ HSP/AVRCP
Talk time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
Warning
1. Do not disassemble, repair or modify the earphones for any reason, as this may cause the product to catch fire or be completely damaged;
2 Do not place the device in an environment with too low or too high temperatures;
When using the device's indicator light, please avoid looking directly at the eyes of children or animals;
4. Do not use this device in thunderstorm weather, as thunderstorms can cause the device to malfunction and increase the risk of electrocution;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to clean this product;
6 Do not touch this product with liquids.
Attention
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 It is necessary to choose a reputable manufacturer's CCC-certified charger
3 Long-term continuous use of headphones can damage hearing, please reasonably control the use time and volume;
Using headphones can reduce your perception of external sounds. Please do not use headphones in environments that may pose a safety risk.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5 1 500mA
Output parameters: 5V 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Warranty Notice
The after-sales service for the Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones is strict
We provide after-sales service in accordance with the "Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests" and the "Law of the People's Republic of China on Product Quality", and the service content is as follows:
一、保修政策
Within 7 days from the day after you receive the product, if the product exhibits any performance defects listed in the "Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Defect Table", and is confirmed by the Xiaomi After-sales Service Center, you can enjoy free return or exchange services;
From the day after you receive the product, within 8 to 15 days, if this product exhibits a performance defect listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Defect Table", and is confirmed by the Xiaomi After-Sales Service Center, you can
Within 12 months from the day after you receive the product, if the product experiences any performance defects listed in the "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Defect Table", and is confirmed by the Xiaomi After-Sales Service Center, you can enjoy free repair services.
A table of product performance failures for the Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Name Performance Failure
1. There is no sound during use.
The Bluetooth earphones “2” cannot be heard by the other party during a call.
The battery cannot be recharged.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 Unauthorized repairs, misuse, collisions, negligence, misuse, liquid ingress, accidents, modifications, incorrect use of non-original accessories or tearing, defacing, or tampering with anti-counterfeiting marks;
2. It has exceeded the validity period of three packages;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4. Cases that do not meet the performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Fault Table”
5. Due to human factors, this product and its accessories may experience performance defects listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Defect Table" due to human factors.
Name and content of harmful substances in the product
The harmful substances in this table are based on the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: indicates that the content of the harmful substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit requirement specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates refugee policy, EU officials: reception process faces bottlenecks - www.chinanews.com
The EU summit is in a constant dispute over refugee policies, and EU officials: every step in the reception process is a bottleneck
[Reporter of Global Times stationed in Belgium, Niu Ruifeng] According to a report by AFP on February 10, at the latest EU summit that day, European Commission President von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to adopt stricter policies on illegal immigration, making it easier to expel illegal immigrants.
It is reported that this move by the EU is a response to the growing problem of illegal immigration in Europe. Nowadays, the core problem of the EU is that there are few illegal immigrants who can ultimately be repatriated.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize a large amount of EU funds" to strengthen external borders with infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and its member states have been arguing over issues such as the cost of fences.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly stated that EU funds will not pay for the related costs.
However, some member states' diplomats said that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, observation towers, and other infrastructure along its external borders, this would free up national budgets for each country and speed up the construction process.
The European Euractiv website reported that EU officials admitted that every step in the refugee reception process is a bottleneck, with limited reception capacity and overburdened immigration authorities in member states unable to stop refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications in EU countries, with the EU's refugee reception system in a near-"permanent crisis."
According to estimates by the European Commission, the Schengen countries in the EU received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half compared to the previous year.
At the same time, the EU recorded over 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries can deport illegal immigrants back to their home countries based on a judgment by the court of another member country.
In addition, the report states that EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of safe countries", which will pave the way for the EU to establish a common list.
(Source: Global Times, Author: Nu Ri Fei)
The United States' escalation of the "chip war" deals a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry - www.chinanews.com
Recently, the "chip war" between the United States and China has been escalating - first, the Netherlands and Japan, under pressure from the United States, agreed to start controlling the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; later, foreign media reported that the US government was considering cutting off all links between US suppliers and Huawei, banning US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration also plans to announce an executive order to restrict US investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries... Not long after the beginning of 2023, the United States has been using more and more bad tactics to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its efforts to suppress China's "chip" development. While accurately suppressing the semiconductor supply chain with China, it has been building a "de-China" semiconductor industry chain alliance, plotting to completely "break away" from China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to establish a "technological alliance" with South Korea or a "semiconductor alliance" with South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, or to establish a "semiconductor industry chain clique" through mechanisms such as the "Quadrilateral Mechanism" and the "Indo-Pacific Economic Framework" between the United States, Japan, India, and Australia, the United States is trying to build a closed supply chain cycle dominated by the United States by introducing political, partisan, and weaponized means into the semiconductor industry. This is in order to make up for its shortcomings in the field of semiconductor manufacturing and maintain its leading position in the global semiconductor industry.
However, the United States' aggressive "chip tactics" against China are also "injuring the enemy a thousand times and harming oneself eight hundred times".
Recently, the well-known chip manufacturing equipment supplier in the United States, Panlin Group, announced that it will lay off 1,300 full-time employees due to the latest round of export bans on chip manufacturing equipment to China, and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
The Dutch ASML Holding Company, a global leader in lithography machines, recently warned that banning the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to an increase in semiconductor prices.
According to analysis by American media, after the US government imposed arbitrary pressure on the semiconductor and other industries in China, many American companies suffered greatly, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, manufacturers of wafer manufacturing equipment, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry by the United States has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain has already been formed.
According to estimates by professionals, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross borders more than 70 times, and the entire process takes about 100 days.
Although the semiconductor industry in the United States has a strong foundation, it is weak in terms of manufacturing capabilities, particularly advanced process technologies, and is heavily dependent on the East Asian region.
Even if the United States tries to steer the advanced chip supply chain towards regional development dominated by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor industry will be difficult to change.
The United States has vigorously "rebuilt" the semiconductor industry chain to "de-Chinaize" it, which has severely damaged the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry cannot be achieved without the joint participation of all countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively issuing the Innovation and Competition Act, the 2022 US Competition Act, and the Chips and Science Act, using technological hegemony to consolidate its technological advantage; it has "exerted its authority and power" on its allies, luring chip manufacturing companies such as Intel, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, and Samsung to set up factories in the United States, in order to vigorously ensure the United States' global leadership in the field of chips.
In the short term, the United States has indeed caused trouble for China's semiconductor industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.
In the long run, however, the United States' excessive suppression will force China's semiconductor industry to continue to break through, causing the United States to lose a huge Chinese market, which will ultimately greatly weaken the innovation willingness and capacity of US technology companies, and harm the development of the global semiconductor industry.
Gao Jiao
First batch of personal pension financial products go on sale, with the shortest holding period of only 360 days - www.chinanews.com
The first batch of personal pension financial products are on sale
7 products from home institutions can be selected, with the shortest holding period of only 360 days
Personal pension financial products have finally been launched.
On February 10, China Finance Network released the first batch of personal pension finance products, and 7 personal pension finance products from Bank of Communications Finance, Agricultural Bank of China Finance, and China Postal Savings Finance were officially launched.
At this point, the "shelves" of personal pension accounts have finally been filled with four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension investment management, personal pension insurance, and publicly-offered personal pension funds.
It was reported that the first batch of personal pension financial products are all publicly offered net value-type open-end products, including 5 newly launched products and 2 existing products. Except for 1 product that is a mixed type product, the remaining 6 products are all fixed income products.
The reporter from Beijing Youth Daily saw that of the five new products, four were from Guotai Asset Management, all of which were fixed-income products with the shortest holding period being 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days, respectively. The corresponding performance benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, and 5.25% - 5.75%, respectively.
The remaining new product is "Postal Savings Wealth Addition Hengjinyi No. 1", which is also a fixed income product. It began collecting on February 10 and ended on February 19, with a risk level of level 2.
Of the two existing products, one is the Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management “Agricultural Bank of China Unity·Dynamic” 360-day Science and Technology Innovation RMB Wealth Management Product, which is a mixed-type investment with a risk level of three.
Another surviving product is “Postal Savings Wealth Addition Hengjinyu No. 1 with a minimum holding period of 365 days”, a fixed income type that began collecting funds on December 30 last year and officially started operating on January 4 this year. Its cumulative net value on February 8 was 1.0011.
According to the "Opinions of the Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Individual Pension Funds", the financial products that individual pension fund accounts can invest in include bank wealth management products, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, and publicly offered funds.
The launch of the first personal pension financial products marks the official launch of personal pension investors' ability to purchase financial products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission issued the "Interim Measures for the Management of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies".
The Regulations stipulate that participants can purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension investment products, personal pension insurance products, and publicly offered personal pension fund products through their personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice, clarifying that the individual pension system will be implemented in 36 pilot cities and regions, including Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei Shijiazhuang, the Xiong'an New Area, and Jinzhong City, Shanxi.
As of the end of 2022, there were 19.54 million participants in personal pension schemes, 6.13 million payers, and a total payment amount of 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, banks participating in the pilot only offered three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products, and publicly offered pension funds.
Now that personal pension investment products have gathered together, how should investors choose?
Experts from the research and development department of ICBC Wealth Management said that compared with other personal pension products, the pilot phase of pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products both have three characteristics.
Firstly, it is stable, with a more robust risk management mechanism, more stable investment strategies and principles, and the implementation of third-party independent custody by non-parent banks.
Secondly, it is long-term. The trial period for retirement financial products is all over 5 years, and the holding period for personal retirement financial products to be issued next will be at least 1 year, with a preference for holding them for more than 3 years.
Third, it is inclusive. The threshold for purchasing products is low, usually starting at 1 yuan, and some are as low as 0.01 yuan. The custody fees, management fees, and other fees for the products are also more favorable.
Professionals point out that investors should choose based on the characteristics of the products and their own risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have the characteristics of a long term, high interest rate, and high safety, which are suitable for people with weak risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products focus on protection, and are suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; personal pension investment products and publicly offered fund products do not guarantee the principal or returns, have certain investment risks, but have higher expected returns, and are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk tolerance.
Written by reporter Chen Jia of this newspaper and coordinated by Liu Haibao
The fitness industry should overcome the crisis of trust - www.chinanews.com
Another large gym “blown up”?
Recently, the issue of member rights protection at the well-known fitness institution, Zhongjian Fitness, has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their local stores were not operating normally. Subsequently, rumors about the closure and disappearance of the agency caused panic among members, leading to the involvement of public security and human resources departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the agency came forward to respond, promising to strive to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the storm was finally calmed down.
Some branches of individual fitness institutions have experienced operational problems and have been temporarily closed. Consumers could have calmly waited for the problems to be resolved, but why is the first reaction of many members to be “something is wrong”?
Behind the controversy over the rights of members of fitness clubs is a deeper problem of crisis of trust in the industry.
Domestic traditional gyms generally adopt a prepaid payment model, and “making money from users who don’t come” is the underlying logic of their development.
Obtaining cash flow through pre-selling membership cards, opening new stores continuously, may seem like a cycle, but in reality, it is like eating the rice of the ox, and it is impossible to form a stable profit model.
Negative information about gyms closing down and other industries is being reported frequently, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
In terms of market prospects, gyms can certainly be considered a good business with “money-making potential”.
Although the fitness industry has its ups and downs, it has always been the focus of capital.
Multiple data shows that the popularity of cultural and sports consumption and other areas is continuously rising, and the market is recovering steadily.
Specifically in the fitness market, as the living standards of residents steadily improve, the concept of a healthy lifestyle has become deeply ingrained in people's minds, providing great potential for the development of the fitness industry.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, some institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption, having just emerged from the crisis, and are sounding the call to expand their territory, pouring all their financing funds into the construction of new stores.
It cannot be denied that in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn due to the impact of the epidemic, and the industry has undergone a reshuffle. At this time, powerful enterprises are selectively increasing their acquisition efforts and reorganizing, which is not without new opportunities.
However, in order for the fitness market to enter a virtuous cycle and embark on a steady and sustainable path of development, the industry must change its traditional model and business strategy.
Only by persevering and rebuilding consumer trust and safety can we truly win the market and win the future.
Compared to the rush to capture the market by Big Construction New Store, what the fitness industry needs most at the moment is to calm down and optimize its services, and to stabilize users through high-quality development.
First of all, we need to rely on services to retain users.
Gyms are service industries, and their essence is to adhere to the "user-centric" approach, focusing closely on user needs and placing the emphasis on improving and upgrading services.
Secondly, digital transformation must be used to improve user experience.
For example, the popular Internet gym model nowadays allows users to pay per session and choose their own location.
At the same time, body data and movement data can be effectively utilized, and social needs can be met, realizing a complete service loop from online to offline.
Without private sales and huge annual fees, users' concerns about gyms "running away" have been reduced, and their trust has been enhanced.
In addition, we should actively explore multiple business models.
Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from single services to scenario consumption, and fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption. Surrounding products such as sports supplements and fitness equipment needed for exercise may become new profit points, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tiange
Buy cheaply and get a discount!
The real estate market in Nanjing sees the reappearance of “price difference compensation” - www.chinanews.com
According to a report by Yangzi Evening News (reporter Ma Zhupo), in an interview on the 10th, it was discovered that the "price guarantee agreement", which had not been seen for more than ten years, had returned to the Nanjing real estate market. A property development project in Jiangbei New District claimed "difference compensation", offering discounts that were higher than the previous discounts before the handover, and the developer was willing to swap properties for buyers and refund the difference.
The conditions for a "price protection agreement" are not few
This property, located in the Jiangbei New District, is called Poly Yangtze Xi Yun Tai. Mr. Sun, a visitor to the property, told reporters that he found a “statement” when he visited the property last weekend.
The photos he sent to reporters showed that the developer of the project promised that anyone who purchased a property between February 1 and February 28 would receive a replacement and refund of the difference in price if the discount on other properties in the project was greater than the discount enjoyed by previous purchasers (limited to other unsold properties in the same floor plan, building, unit, and property type as the commercial property).
Mr. Sun said that the property consultant said that this was actually a "price protection agreement", which was intended to reassure buyers that they did not have to worry about the developer reducing the price for promotional purposes. "Now, I'm afraid that if I buy it, the price will be reduced, and I won't have time to go to the sales office. If I don't cause a scene, I will really be worried."
There are also many homebuyers who believe that the "price guarantee agreement" may be a way to reassure homebuyers, but the conditions are not bad.
Ms. Zheng, who plans to buy a basic housing unit in Jiangbei, said that the properties with protection must be of the same type and in the same building and unit. There are few properties for buyers to compare, so the "threshold" is quite high.
Some buyers also believe that due to information asymmetry, it is not ruled out that additional concessions will be given when selling, making it difficult for buyers to "stand up for their rights".
Whether or not people can stay to buy a house remains to be seen
When the reporter searched for it on the Nanjing online real estate website, he found that the project was sold out in November last year, with a total of 252 units in two buildings. The unit sizes ranged from 105 square meters to 129 square meters, and the average selling price for fully furnished units was 39,843 yuan per square meter.
However, more than two months have passed, and according to online real estate, the total number of unsold units in the project is currently 157, accounting for 62.3%, of which 80 units are in Building 8, with a total of 113 unsold units; 44 units in Building 7 are also unsold, accounting for 33% of the total number of units sold in the project, which is only 33 units.
Market insiders introduced that the "price guarantee agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, the property development project Loutianxiu in Huangshan Road, Hexi District, in order to attract buyers, launched the "Guarantee Plan", which stipulates that "the company solemnly promises that if the discount range of the project is expanded within one year, the company will refund the difference to the old owners according to the difference."
Later, in April 2011, nine property projects in Nanjing also promised to compensate for the difference in price for a portion of their properties.
“The property market is recovering, and we need a ‘stimulant’ at this time.
Mr. Shen, a senior property developer in Nanjing, said that “price guarantee agreements” are also one of the marketing methods used by property developers.
He believes that developers need more confidence than homebuyers do now, and the introduction of a "price guarantee agreement" is actually meant to boost their confidence.
As for whether it will be able to retain homebuyers, he said that it depends on the influence of multiple factors such as regulatory policies and loan thresholds, and it is still waiting to be observed at the moment.
Multiple data declines, poor start to the year for Taiwan's economy - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Taipei February 11 (Reporters Zhao Bo and Huang Yan) The export trade volume has been "five consecutive months of decline", the manufacturing purchasing manager index (PMI) has contracted for seven consecutive months, and the consumer price index (CPI) has seen "three-digit figures"... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have successively released economic data for January 2023.
Experts analyzed that Taiwan's economy had a poor start to the year and faced significant growth pressure.
According to the Taiwan authorities' department in charge of financial affairs, the export of the Taiwan region was US$31.51 billion in January this year, down 21.2% year-on-year, and negative growth for the fifth consecutive month.
The export volume of 11 major export commodities declined compared to the same period last year.
Rubber and plastic products and optical instruments fell the most, with annual declines of 37.6% and 35.7%, respectively.
The export of electronic components decreased by 20.1% year on year, the largest decrease in 11 years.
Among them, the annual decline in integrated circuits was 18.3%, the largest drop in 14 years.
The head of the statistics department, Cai Meina, said that this shows the weakening effect of consumer electronics demand spreading, and that the electronics industry is entering a period of adjustment.
Statistics show that Taiwan's imports and exports fell in January, with outbound shipments amounting to only $2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The Taiwan authorities' department in charge of financial affairs believes that global terminal demand has decreased, industrial adjustment has suppressed the willingness of manufacturers to purchase materials, and the export slump is unlikely to improve in the short term. Taiwan's exports are expected to decline more than expected in the first quarter of this year.
According to the Taiwan China Economic Research Institute, the Taiwan Manufacturing Purchasing Manager Index (PMI) was 40.4% in January, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, and contracted for the seventh consecutive month after seasonal adjustment.
In the economic monitoring indicator system, the PMI is set at 50%, with an index above 50% representing economic expansion and below 50% representing contraction.
Among the five components of the Taiwan PMI in January, new orders, production, and tightening of human resources, supplier delivery time, and tightening of inventory were all down.
All six industries returned a contraction in the PMI, with the order of ranking based on the contraction rate being the electrical and mechanical equipment industry (35.1%), the electronic and optical industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotechnology and medical industry (39.2%), the basic raw material industry (42.4%), the transportation equipment industry (42.6%), and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the "Main Bureau of Accounts" of the Taiwan authorities announced that the annual growth rate of the CPI in Taiwan was 3.04% in January this year, breaking through 3% for the second time since July last year.
Among them, the price of vegetables soared by 28.25%, setting a new high in 17 months.
Cai Zhihong, a special commissioner of the Taiwan "Main Budget Office", frankly admitted that the price increase of vegetables was beyond expectations, excluding the factors of the Spring Festival. In January and February this year, the average CPI should be close to 2.71% of December last year. Inflation pressure still exists and is still at a high level.
Looking ahead to Taiwan's economy this year, experts are pessimistic, based on reports from domestic media such as United Daily News and Yahoo Finance.
Professor Wu Daoren of the Economics Department at "Central University" in Taiwan analyzed that the decline in exports may cause cash flow problems for export manufacturers, and the risk of debt default will increase.
At the same time, the reduction in orders leads to manufacturers cutting their labor costs, which affects the labor market and family finances, and in turn affects consumption capacity.
According to Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, the inflation situation in Europe and the United States has not been resolved, demand continues to contract, and it is estimated that the decline in Taiwan's exports will continue into the first half of the year.
Since Taiwan's economy relies on exports, it will be affected by the sluggish exports, and its economic growth performance will be lower than last year.
“An important engine for global recovery” - China News Network
“In response to the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic, the Chinese economy has shown great resilience.
Recent market expectations indicate that the international community generally looks favorably upon China's future development.
"Huilio Reyes, a well-known expert on China in Spain and honorary consultant of China Policy Watch, recently said in an interview with this newspaper that the current epidemic prevention and control in China has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further unleashed.
Liu said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China has calmly responded with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, which fully demonstrate its economic resilience and management level.
While China is firmly committed to expanding its opening-up to the outside world, the internal driving force of economic development is continuously strengthening, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises are developing in tandem.
Every year, the National People's Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference are held in China. Delegates discuss the country's development plans and hot topics related to people's livelihoods. They widely gather consensus, unite people's hearts and minds, and gather wisdom, adding strength to China's development.
“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered a stage of high-quality development.
The international community expects China's wisdom and China's solutions, and expects China's development to bring new opportunities to the world.
"Leo said that China is currently making great efforts to promote technological innovation and inject new momentum into the economic and social development. "Investment, talent cultivation, and policy incentives have made China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan."
In the view of Leos, economic system reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has both played to the strengths of the market economy and leveraged the advantages of the socialist system, taking proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Around the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, we will strengthen financial support for the real economy, support the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, and the manufacturing industry, adhere to innovative development, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the diverse consumption needs of the people. By fully, accurately, and comprehensively implementing the new development concept, we will strive to promote high-quality development, build a new development pattern, and bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the proposal for the Belt and Road Initiative.
"The stabilization and recovery of the economy after the epidemic is a common goal of the international community.
China's economic development potential will continue to be unleashed, bringing more benefits to countries around the world and becoming an important engine for global recovery.
"Leos said that he looks forward to continuing to build cooperation on the Belt and Road, so that it can continue to play an important role in improving the infrastructure level of all countries, strengthening mutual connectivity in all fields, and unleashing even greater momentum.
(This newspaper, Madrid)
(People's Daily reporter Yan Huan)
Report: The number of overseas students returning home to seek employment in 2022 has reached a new high - www.chinanews.com
Top 10 countries for returning graduates to seek employment in 2022 Source: “2022 China Returning Students Employment Survey Report”
According to the "2022 China Returned Students Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") released recently by CNBC, the size of the 2022 graduating students who returned home increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of returned students seeking employment reached a new high, and the demand for overseas talents by Chinese enterprises also showed an upward trend.
The report notes that the number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China has grown significantly since 2020, with an increase in the number of recent graduates returning home to seek employment.
Compared with 2021, the size of the 2022 graduate students studying abroad increased by 8.6%, and the number of returning students seeking employment reached a new high.
In terms of the distribution of countries where returning overseas students seek employment, the United Kingdom has the highest proportion at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), which are ranked in the same order as in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth, the number of new international students from Malaysia, Japan, and Singapore increased significantly in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9%, and 37.7%, respectively.
The number of recent graduates from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia decreased compared to the previous year.
Trends in the supply and demand of returning overseas talent in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023. Source: “2022 China Returning Overseas Talent Employment Survey Report”
The survey found that among the students who decided to return home, 58% believed that “life is more convenient in China”, 40% decided to return home because they “identify more with the cultural environment in China”, 32% believed that “there are more employment opportunities in China”, and 22% believed that economic activities in China will accelerate recovery and provide more employment opportunities.
Data shows that the current demand for overseas talents by domestic enterprises is rapidly increasing, and the demand for returnee talents is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of positions prioritized for returnees and the number of returnees seeking jobs in the country both showed an upward trend. On February 3, the number of positions prioritized for returnees increased by 11% compared to January 28, and the number of returnees seeking jobs increased by 27%.
From an industry perspective, in the priority positions for overseas returnees in 2022, positions in the education/training industry accounted for 27.8%, ranking first, followed by professional services/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
The number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China has changed in recent years. Source: "2022 China Returned Overseas Talents Employment Survey Report"
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary for returning overseas talent has been rising for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month (RMB, same below) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan compared to 13,719 yuan/month in 2021, an increase of 7%.
From a regional perspective, the willingness of the returning overseas talent group to develop in new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier and below cities has all increased in 2022. The proportion of applications in 2022 was 31%, 15.7%, and 14.3%, respectively, all higher than the proportion of applications in 2021.
Regarding the benefits of studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said they were basically in line with their expectations, up 2.8 percentage points from the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said they were above or far above expectations, which is higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(Finished)
Save half or even more?
The price of oral implant medical services in Henan Province is standardized and integrated - www.chinanews.com
CCTV News: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many toothless patients, but the price of up to several thousand yuan per tooth has always deterred many patients.
Since this year, as the implementation of collective tooth implantation has accelerated, various places have also put the reduction of tooth implantation prices on the agenda.
Starting from February 10, the price control target for a single conventional implant dental service in Henan Province is 4300 yuan, and the total cost of a single conventional implant should not exceed 97% of the control target.
Implant dentition refers to a method of tooth restoration in which the upper part of the restoration is supported and fixed on the basis of the lower structure inserted into the bone tissue.
Reporters learned from Zhengzhou University First Affiliated Hospital that, for a single conventional transplant, from planting to final repair, the price is about 16,700 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that for someone like me, it would be about 8,000 yuan or less, which is basically half the cost.
Based on the existing projects, Henan Province has integrated and determined 15 medical service prices for oral implantation, including "implantation fee (per tooth)", and unified the prices of provincial public medical institutions and medical insurance payment categories. It has canceled or adjusted 20 medical service prices, including dental implantation surgery.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Pharmaceutical Price and Bidding Procurement Office of the Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are the four parties: one is medical insurance, which has reduced expenses; the pressure on hospitals has been reduced, and patients will increase appropriately; suppliers have gained a market; for patients, this is the most beneficial, as the cost of having a tooth implanted may be reduced by half or even more.
Shenzhen: Building the first and most advanced super-fast city in China and the world - www.chinanews.com
According to the WeChat public account “Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology” on February 11, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the “Shenzhen City Construction Action Plan for Ultra-Speed Pioneers”.
It proposes that by the end of 2023, a super broadband network with high speed, large capacity, and low latency will be built, achieving the network construction goals of "double gigabits, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and everything connected". This will create a world-leading ultra-fast pioneer city in China.
The plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of the 100 Gbps optical network.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of full-fiber industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The plan requires a comprehensive improvement in the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Research and develop quality standards for 5G network services in Shenzhen, conduct 5G network testing and evaluation, and improve the quality of 5G network services.
Support basic telecommunications enterprises to increase their efforts to optimize 5G networks in key regions and places, adding 10,000 5G base stations throughout the year, achieving an average download speed of 500Mbps and an upload speed of 100Mbps in the whole city, a download speed of 1000Mbps and an upload speed of 200Mbps in key regions, and significantly improving network speed and user experience.
Build a high-quality wireless local area network at the city level.
Develop a standard for wireless local area network (WLAN) services in public places, promote the upgrade of WLAN in areas with high population density and concentrated information consumption needs in all districts of the city, and provide gigabit access capabilities.
Build a unified authentication and management platform for public wireless local area networks throughout the city based on "Shen i Network", achieve "one-time authentication, seamless roaming, and intelligent switching", and support operating entities to include social APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities in the authentication and management platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded access points (APs) will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan proposes the construction of a high-quality all-optical network, the establishment of a multi-level computing power supply system, the acceleration of the construction of key communication network facilities, and the improvement of Internet application service capabilities.
The Plan clearly states that a collaborative effort will be made to build a connected perception system.
Explore a model for building and managing urban sensing terminals based on the "open source Hongmeng" operating system, reduce the cost of interconnection, accelerate the construction of an urban-level IoT sensing platform, and promote interconnection and interoperability of urban IoT platforms, specialized IoT platforms in various fields, and data.
Deepen the application of IoT sensing in urban management, public services, public safety, transportation, and other fields, and expand the fixed sensing and intelligent networked vehicles in the collection of mobile sensing data in urban roads, buildings, public facilities, and other fields.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity, gas, and Internet of Things sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and more than 20 multifunctional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The plan also mentions strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communication applications, laying the foundation for the construction of low-altitude network infrastructure, and promoting the in-depth coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, promote the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, build an industrial innovation and development ecosystem, support the organization of top-level events and activities.
(China Business News)
The e-commerce industry in China is seeing the emergence of “new variables”, how can we make “content is king” a reality in product promotion?
-China News Network
Xinhua News Agency, February 11, "New Variables Emerge in China's E-commerce Industry, How to Make 'Content King' in Product Promotion?"
CNBC Reporter Xia Bin
“We entered the e-commerce market late, but from the very beginning, we realized that content is important if you want to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fangfang, a "90s" girl from Guangdong, is now running a health food store on Douyin e-commerce, allowing a brick-and-mortar store with over 30 years of history to "bloom" online.
By imitating the film tone of old Hong Kong movies and pairing them with classic Cantonese songs, opening the @Fangfang1person food TikTok account, the exquisite videos are refreshing to the eyes and ears.
At the recent TikTok e-commerce event “Finding Peers·Quality Content Sharing Special”, Fangfang attended as a representative of quality creators to share her experiences and insights on daily creative work.
She said on the spot, “The carefully edited video has received a lot of attention from netizens, many people are interested in the ingredients in my family’s dishes and want to cook with us. Our sales have suddenly opened up.
“
Fangfang used soup video to make more people fall in love with the taste of "Laoguang", and a live broadcast sold up to 300,000 pieces of nourishing ingredients, saving the family's old store that was on the verge of bankruptcy.
“No content, no e-commerce”, as short videos and live e-commerce continue to develop, people’s requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early stages of live broadcasting, live broadcast rooms often used low price discounts to attract users, and price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal influencers such as Liu Yahong and Dongfang Zhenzhu, as well as many lesser-known experts and merchants who have emerged in vertical sub-fields. They have improved their long-term business performance by continuously creating high-quality content that matches their brand personality.
According to Gao Yaxian, the head of operation of Kwai Commerce Star Authors, over the past year, 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through Kwai Commerce, and their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and their total transaction volume has more than doubled.
“Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving author ecosystem with a vigorous vitality.
"Zhao Yaxuan said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the "E-commerce Industry Content Ecosystem Health Index (ECHI) Report", which analyzed the importance of high-quality content in the current e-commerce industry from a data perspective. The report assessed the content ecosystem of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China using the index.
According to the ranking of the e-commerce industry's content ecosystem health index in the above report, TikTok e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com ranked in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecosystem in the e-commerce industry is an integrated concept, which integrates e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional production content) and UGC (user-generated content) are the quality carriers for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce integration, the stronger the commercial value, and the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and consumption in the public and private domains will gradually integrate.
On the scene, Professor Yi Guomin, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and the chairman of the Council of the Special Committee on Media Economics and Management of China, analyzed and interpreted the Report.
He said that in terms of content value, the e-commerce industry has transitioned from "consumer accessibility" to "consumer quality" and high-quality, professional, and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the fundamental and driving force for the new stage of e-commerce development, and PGC content such as knowledge payment, professional knowledge, and KOL (key opinion leaders) is beginning to become a standard feature in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking ahead to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Cai Guo Ming made two suggestions.
One is from the perspective of improving the content structure, promoting the overall improvement of the health and quality of the e-commerce content ecosystem, establishing positive content creation and management standards, and achieving a healthy system index and dynamic balance of the e-commerce content ecosystem.
Another is from an external ecological perspective, which is to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value coordination and mutual creation of the external environment.
"The e-commerce industry in the future still needs more support in terms of data and artificial intelligence to form a prediction of the stability of future development; in addition, it needs to provide merchants with a more standardized and healthy growth space, achieve value coordination among enterprises, users, products, and services in the e-commerce industry, and create a healthy content ecosystem together.
(Finished)
The financing and securities trading business of Beijing Stock Exchange will be launched next week - www.chinanews.com
According to a report from the Beijing Stock Exchange (BSE) last night, after approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the financing and securities lending trading business of the BSE will officially launch on February 13. At that time, securities companies that have obtained the financing and securities lending trading qualification of the BSE can accept investor entrustments and submit financing and securities lending trading applications to the BSE.
The list of the first 56 securities subject to financing and short selling was determined based on the calculation reference date of January 31, 2023.
The Beijing Stock Exchange said that the list of securities eligible for margin trading and the list of securities that can be used to supplement collateral will be published on the Beijing Stock Exchange's official website under the "Information Disclosure-Margin Trading Information" column, making it convenient for investors to inquire.
Margin trading is an important basic institution in the securities market and is a relatively mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2nd last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on its financing and securities lending business.
The launch of financing and securities lending transactions at the Beijing Stock Exchange is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system of the Beijing Stock Exchange, improve the trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The financing and securities lending system benefits investors by enriching their trading strategies, meeting the diversified trading needs of investors, promoting the discovery of market prices, and further improving market liquidity.
In the next step, the Beijing Stock Exchange will continue to do a good job of all aspects of financing and securities lending business under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It will enrich the trading system tools based on the needs of investors, improve the relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange that serves innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing, and He Liben attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 11th The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing on February 11th, with a combination of online and offline methods.
He Lifeng, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Li Feng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at their meeting in Bangkok, and to strengthen green development cooperation between China and Japan.
China will comprehensively implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, accelerate the green transformation of its development model, deepen the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and prudently promote carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, promote decarbonization, pollution reduction, green expansion, and growth, and promote ecological priority, resource conservation, and green and low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to deepen cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technical cooperation, policy dialogue, and cultural exchanges, and to promote the green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry, Hiroshige Seko, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce of China, and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and included a main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, electricification, intelligence, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from the governments and enterprises of China and Japan exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operations in Turkey, rescuing 4 trapped people - www.chinanews.com
According to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team, which was searching for people in Turkey, dispatched three operational teams and 45 rescue team members, rescuing one trapped person.
Two search and assessment teams were also dispatched to assess and investigate the 15 buildings on Vodabashi Street.
So far, a total of 4 people trapped in the disaster have been rescued, 5 victims have been found, and life signs and risk assessments have been conducted on 25 severely collapsed buildings.
The rescue team will adjust the rescue force scientifically according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue scene, and continue to carry out rescue work in depth.
The rescue team obtained rescue assistance information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and United Nations rescue organizations, and verified it one by one through online inquiries and on-site searches.
Introduce the current rescue environment and conditions such as building collapses to the Hong Kong Rescue Team in China, and jointly carry out search operations.
At present, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination with the Italian rescue team (SSC5), and three members have been dispatched to work at the 5th regional rescue coordination center. Communication has been established with teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman, and other countries, providing an opportunity to learn about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and rescue teams from various countries.
The rescue team continues to strengthen safety management and team protection, adhering to the principles of unified command and safety first, strengthening safety management at the rescue scene, strengthening discipline requirements for rescue work, and clarifying safety precautions.
The rotation duty standby and guard duty system is continuously implemented, strengthening security management in the camp.
The medical staff of the rescue team provides physical examination services for team members every day, strengthening the medical protection of key personnel. At present, all members of the rescue team are in good health, and disinfection work is being carried out in the camp.
After the establishment of the self-supporting team, the logistics support team members built a total of 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical hygiene, living accommodation, and dog kennels, to ensure the safety of more than 30 sets of equipment used in the rescue operation.
Xinhua News Agency commentator: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project - four thoughts on deeply understanding the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing February 11th Report: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project——four thoughts on deeply understanding the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Commentator for Xinhua News Agency
“Promoting Chinese modernization is a systematic project that requires comprehensive planning, systematic planning, and overall promotion. It is necessary to correctly handle the relationship between top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, adherence to tradition and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and openness to the outside world, etc.
At the opening ceremony of the training course for new members, alternate members, and provincial and ministerial-level main leaders who have just joined the Central Committee to study and implement Xi Jinping’s thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary, scientifically grasped the laws of modernization construction, profoundly and systematically explained the series of major relationships that need to be handled in practice, and provided us with a scientific methodology for vigorously promoting Chinese-style modernization.
Promoting Chinese modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization, and affects the governance of the party, the country, and the military, as well as domestic and foreign affairs and national defense. It is necessary to do systematic planning and be courageous in reform and innovation, and continuously achieve overall progress.
When conducting top-level design, it is necessary to have a profound understanding of the trends of world development, accurately grasp the common wishes of the people, deeply explore the laws of economic and social development, and make the planning and policy system developed reflect the times, grasp the laws, and be creative, so as to achieve integration of near and far, continuity from top to bottom, and coordination of content.
Promoting Chinese modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are many unknown areas that need to be boldly explored in practice, and the development of the cause must be driven by reform and innovation, and we must not be too rigid or too conservative.
Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.
In promoting Chinese modernization, we must enhance the forward-looking nature of our strategies, so as to scientifically anticipate the future and lead the future; we must enhance the overall nature of our strategies, focusing on solving major problems that are related to the prosperity and decline of the Party and the country; we must enhance the stability of our strategies, and once a strategy is formed, we must stick to it for a long time, persevere, and achieve results.
It is necessary to scientifically grasp the dialectical unity of strategy and tactics, organically combine the principled nature of strategy and the flexibility of tactics, be flexible, adaptable, and make quick decisions in response to changes, and take the strategic initiative in adapting to local conditions, responding to changes, and seizing opportunities.
The Chinese nation is a nation that upholds integrity and innovation.
Balancing the relationship between upholding tradition and innovation, we must firmly uphold the essence and source of Chinese modernization, unwaveringly adhere to the unique characteristics, fundamental requirements, and major principles of Chinese modernization, ensure the correct direction of Chinese modernization, and place innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, respond to the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively adapt to and seek change, vigorously promote reform and innovation, continuously create new momentum and advantages for development, and fully unleash the creative vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important basis for fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee for efficiency.
As we promote modernization in the Chinese way, we must not only create higher efficiency than capitalism, but also effectively maintain social fairness, and better achieve the balance between efficiency and fairness, and promote and unify them.
Balancing efficiency and fairness, we will continuously achieve development for the people, development relying on the people, and development results shared by the people, so that the benefits of modernization can be shared by all the people more fairly and equitably.
Promoting Chinese modernization requires balancing vitality and order, so that society is both vibrant and orderly.
We must coordinate the development and security of the country, implement the overall national security concept, build a national security system, strengthen the ability to safeguard national security, and firmly safeguard the security of the state's political power, system, ideology, and key areas.
While paying more attention to security factors in development, we will strengthen the country's security capabilities through development, use the results of development to consolidate the foundation of national security, and create a security environment conducive to economic and social development. We will also continuously unleash the vitality of development and achieve a virtuous interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
In promoting Chinese modernization, we must both stick to our own path and broaden our vision of the world, adhere to opening up to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of Chinese modernization.
We must adhere to independence and self-reliance, place the development of the country and the nation at the starting point of our own strength, and firmly grasp the destiny of the development and progress of our country in our own hands.
We must continuously expand high-level opening-up to the outside world, deeply participate in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese modernization, and share development opportunities and create a better future in mutual benefit and win-win.
By following the path, we can achieve great things.
Under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core and the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, let us grasp the rules, persevere in our efforts, fully unleash our positive energy, initiative, and creativity, correctly handle a series of major issues, strive to make new achievements in the new journey of comprehensively building a socialist modernized country, and continuously open up new horizons in the modernization of China.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) The Biden administration will blacklist six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the spy balloon program on Friday (February 10).
The US Department of Commerce said that these five Chinese companies and one research institution have helped modernize the Chinese military, particularly in the field of aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
It is very difficult for companies on the blacklist to obtain technology exports from the United States.
The list is called the "entity list", and companies listed on it will not be able to purchase technology or goods from US suppliers unless they obtain special export licenses from the US Department of Commerce.
The companies listed on the blacklist are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Science and Technology Co., Ltd., China Electronics Technology Group No. 48 Research Institute, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xiang Aviation Science and Technology Co., Ltd., and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Previously, the White House said it was considering taking broader measures to "expose and address" larger-scale surveillance activities by China that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident further strained relations between China and the United States, and US Secretary of State Blinken canceled his visit to China.
On February 4, the United States shot down a balloon, and the Chinese government lodged a stern complaint with the US embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously undermining and damaging the efforts and process of stabilizing Sino-US relations.
Based on the existing debris evidence and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the US government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon "has a direct relationship with the Chinese People's Liberation Army" and is a supplier approved by the Chinese military.
At a press conference on Friday, Ma Ning, spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry, said that China has explained the situation and clarified its position several times regarding the accidental entry of a Chinese unmanned aerial vehicle into US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the US Congress are purely political manipulation and hype.
China strongly objects to this and firmly opposes it.
Matthew Axelrod, the Assistant Secretary of Commerce responsible for export enforcement, said: "Today's action demonstrates the joint efforts we have made to identify and stop China's use of spy balloons, which have violated the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
“
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhai Xiang Aviation Science and Technology Co., Ltd. said they were not aware of the sanctions and refused to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States and have not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
Copyright notice for Deutschlandfunk in 2023: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special permission from Deutschlandfunk.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and be subject to criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese) It has been several days since the earthquake hit parts of Turkey and Syria. The hope of finding survivors is fading, but the rescue of a family of five on Saturday has brought great relief to the rescue team.
According to the Associated Press, in the hard-hit town of Nourdai in Gaziantep province, this family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days.
Rescue workers first pulled out the mother and daughter from the rubble, and then found the father, but he insisted on rescuing his son and another daughter first.
When they were all rescued, cheers erupted from the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaras, a 16-year-old boy and an elderly woman in her 70s were successfully rescued in harsh cold weather conditions.
“What day is it today?”
"—The boy trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the rescuers who brought him back to the ground.
A man from Kachuramanarash holds the cat he just rescued
The miraculous success of the rescue operation has brought a glimmer of hope to the already bleak search and rescue efforts, but at the same time, the number of fatalities is continuously increasing.
According to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has already caused more than 20,000 deaths in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be over 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive for more than a week after being trapped in rubble, the hope of finding more survivors has become increasingly bleak.
Rescue workers are still using thermal imaging devices to search for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of the rescue efforts began to shift towards helping the survivors who urgently needed assistance.
UN official: disaster "unprecedented in a century" in the region
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference in Turkey that the earthquake was the "worst disaster in the region in a century."
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "unusual".
He also told a Reuters reporter that he hoped to provide aid to areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but also said that the matter was "not yet clear."
The United Nations has pledged to provide an additional $25 million in relief donations to the people of the earthquake-stricken areas of Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced that it would allocate $25 million for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Chilean earthquake（1960）
At 3:11 p.m. local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile. The magnitude of the earthquake was 9.5.
Within just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was reduced to rubble.
The huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the coastline of Chile, causing a tsunami with waves as high as 25 meters.
The tsunami affected distant Japan and the Philippines.
The number of fatalities and economic losses caused by disasters of this scale cannot be accurately known.
The most destructive earthquake to occur globally in the past 60 years
The Great Alaska Earthquake（1964）
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, which also happened to be Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Alaska earthquake was still the third largest earthquake in the world on record.
When the earthquake occurred, a fault line between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate ruptured near the William Prince Basin, near the Academy Cove.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted from 3 to 5 minutes.
The movement of the seabed triggered a huge tsunami, with a height of 67 meters.
Because it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
This major earthquake ultimately resulted in the deaths of 139 people.
Of these, 9 people died directly from the earthquake, and another 130 died from the tsunami triggered by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Tangshan earthquake（1976）
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above occurred in Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China, within 16 hours.
The epicenter is 23 kilometers above the ground.
All transportation, communication, water supply, and electricity in Tangshan City were disrupted, and the city was reduced to a wasteland in an instant.
The capital Beijing, located 140 kilometers away, also felt a strong tremor.
According to official statistics, including Beijing and Tianjin, all affected areas suffered 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries due to the earthquake.
The Tangshan earthquake is the second most deadly earthquake in China with records to date, second only to the Jiajing earthquake of 1556.
However, some overseas scientists estimate that this earthquake may have caused at least 650,000 deaths.
The most destructive earthquake to occur globally in the past 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake（2004）
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers west of Aceh Province, Sumatra Island, Indonesia, with a depth of 30 kilometers and a magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with waves reaching up to 15 to 30 meters high.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the most severely affected areas including Aceh Province in Indonesia, Chiang Rai and Phuket Tourist Areas in Thailand, Sri Lanka, and Tamil Nadu in India.
At that time, it was the peak tourist season for Christmas, and the affected areas were crowded with a large number of tourists and local residents. This led to many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and local people working on the coast being swept away by the tsunami, making many people missing in this earthquake.
It is estimated that the number of fatalities and missing persons is at least 300,000.
The most destructive earthquake to occur globally in the past 60 years
Wenchuan earthquake（2008）
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in Wenchuan, Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the surface wave magnitude of this earthquake reached 8.2 and the moment magnitude reached 8.3, and the affected area exceeded 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had caused a total of 69,227 deaths, 17,923 missing persons, 374,643 people with various degrees of injuries, 199,300 people without homes, and a total of 46.256 million people affected by the disaster.
It is the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the deadliest after the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12th of each year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day, to strengthen education for the public and attention to disaster prevention and mitigation work.
Since then, governments and primary and secondary schools in many parts of China have held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Elementary and middle schools have also begun to pay attention to popularizing “earthquake prevention and disaster reduction” education.
The most destructive earthquake to occur globally in the past 60 years
Haiti earthquake（2010）
On January 12, 2010, a magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck Haiti, a Caribbean island nation.
The epicenter is located 25 kilometers southwest of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince, and the source of the earthquake is about 13 kilometers below the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that the population affected by the earthquake is about 3 million.
The Haitian government has confirmed more than 200,000 deaths.
In some areas of Haiti, up to 90% of buildings were destroyed in the earthquake.
Although the international community has provided a lot of aid and support, this poor country with a population surplus and rampant corruption has never recovered from this disaster.
The most destructive earthquake to occur globally in the past 60 years
Great East Japan Earthquake（2011）
On March 11, 2011, a large tsunami earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the coast of northeastern Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture, with a depth of 24 kilometers. It also triggered a massive tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first earthquake with a magnitude greater than 9 to be observed in Japan.
About 22,000 people died in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima I nuclear power plant suffered a leakage accident due to the influence of the earthquake and tsunami.
This accident was classified as the most serious level 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident has caused trace amounts of radioactive substances to be measured worldwide, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (with a half-life of 30 years).
A large amount of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of this nuclear accident.
According to statistics from the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in the disaster areas of Syria and Turkey are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes due to earthquakes.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has called for $77 million to provide food for people displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
The temperature in the disaster area is currently as low as zero degrees, and many victims have no place to live.
The Turkish government has distributed a large number of hot meals, tents, and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to reach many people in urgent need of help.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has compounded the suffering of the people.
Within four days of the earthquake, the World Food Programme had provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
Copyright notice for Deutschlandfunk in 2023: All content is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special permission from Deutschlandfunk.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and be subject to criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Notice: The Police Bureau Calls on Citizens to Beware of Fake Telecommunications Company Scam Text Messages
Recently, the Police Department has received several cases of telecommunications fraud, in which the perpetrators posed as the Macau Telecommunications Company to send fraudulent messages to the victims, with links to websites. They used the excuse that the points had expired and that the victims needed to exchange them as soon as possible to lure them into logging onto fake websites to exchange the points.
The victim followed the instructions to enter their credit card information and verification code, and immediately received a notice from the financial institution that there were unidentified purchases recorded on their credit card. They suspected that their credit card information had been stolen from the above website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above-mentioned short message.
The Police Department appeals to citizens to be vigilant if they receive similar mobile phone messages and not to click on the links or provide any personal information contained in the messages. They should also be extra cautious if they are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords, or transaction verification codes, in order to prevent their credit cards from being stolen.
Anti-fraud reminder:
1. Pay more attention to cybersecurity news and improve personal awareness of prevention;
2. Do not casually log in to unknown websites and register your personal and credit card information on the websites, to prevent them from being stolen;
3. Beware of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website address matches that of the official website;
4. Install antivirus software on your mobile phone, mobile device, or computer and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect you have been the victim of fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the Police Fraud Prevention Hotline at 8800 7777 or the Reporting Hotline at 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large inspection team from Hong Kong visits Macau tourist attractions and facilities to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand "joint travel" between Hong Kong and Macau
The Tourism Bureau organized a large Hong Kong inspection team of over 100 people composed of representatives from the Hong Kong government's tourism department, the tourism industry, and the media to visit Macau. In addition to work meetings and industry negotiations, representatives from the Hong Kong travel agency industry and the media visited multiple tourist attractions, hotels, and tourism-related facilities in Macau in batches over two days (10th and 11th). They introduced the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market and promoted cultural and tourism integration between the two regions, thereby expanding the "joint tourism" market between Hong Kong and Macau.
Visit in person to introduce a new way of traveling to Macau
This Hong Kong delegation of 100 people includes leaders and managers from the tourism-related departments of the Hong Kong government, representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators in Hong Kong and Macau, as well as about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, representatives from tourism social media, network media, and bloggers/influencers. They came to Macau to exchange and inspect, learn about the latest tourism resources in Macau, and bring the new trends in Macau tourism to the residents of Hong Kong and tourists visiting Hong Kong. By taking advantage of the transport hub in Hong Kong, they aim to expand the "joint tourism" market between Hong Kong and Macau.
Two days of intensive activities to seek business opportunities and increase publicity
The inspection team visited the World Heritage Site "Historic Centre of Macau", the Macau Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel Macau - Immersive Digital Experience of the Three-Buddha Shrine", "Macau Heritage", the old town of Taipa, several large resort hotels and facilities, including the Galaxy Macau, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, Sands Macao, Morpheus, Londoner Macau, Galaxy Macau, New Century Resort, Artelli Multi-Dimensional Art Space, and teamLab Supernatural Space at Venetian Macau.
Through visiting Macau tourism facilities and experiencing the "tourism +" elements of Macau, the members of the inspection team will share Macau's tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrate the promotion and sale of the latest Macau tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attracting Hong Kong tourists to expand “joint travel” between Hong Kong and Macau
Seizing the opportunity of the resumption of cross-border travel, the Tourism Bureau has launched a promotional offensive in the Hong Kong market and introduced various discounts, including the launch of a discount on round-trip transportation tickets between Hong Kong and Macau, and the release of a new promotional video on both online and offline platforms.
Following the invitation of Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to Macau last month for an exchange and inspection, and the personal experience of Hong Kong influencers in Macau's "tourism+" model, this time, representatives from the Hong Kong tourism industry and media were organized to visit Macau again, to increase market promotion efforts and attract Hong Kong tourists to stay and consume in Macau. The two industries also held talks to jointly expand the "joint tourism" market between Hong Kong and Macau, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both regions.
Xi Jinping wrote a letter to encourage the members of the Chinese Medical Team in Central Africa to benefit local people with their compassion and medical skills, and to tell the story of China with their actions - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Network - Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping wrote a letter to encourage the members of the Chinese Medical Team in Central Africa, urging them to use their compassion and medical skills to benefit the local people, and to tell the story of China through their actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xifeng] Font size:【Large 中 小】
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 10th Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, President of the State Council, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, sent a letter to the 19th batch of Chinese medical team members assisting the Central African Republic on February 9th, greeting them and expressing his sincere wishes to them and all foreign medical aid team members.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you have overcome difficulties in your work and life in China-Africa, served the local people with dedication, and are both angels in white who save lives and friends who spread friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of Chinese medical teams abroad. I would like to offer my sincere condolences to those who are currently and have previously carried out medical missions abroad.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and medical aid abroad is a vivid demonstration of this.
I hope that you will not forget your original aspirations and remember your mission, vigorously promote the spirit of the Chinese Medical Team, which is not afraid of hardship, is willing to make sacrifices, saves lives and heals injuries, and is full of love and compassion, to benefit the local people with their kindness and medical skills, tell the story of China with their actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community with a shared future for human health.
Medical aid is an important component of our country's foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent the first medical aid team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, a total of 30,000 medical team members have been dispatched to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Oceania, providing medical services to 290 million people, winning widespread praise from the international community.
Currently, the medical aid team is working in 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, of which nearly half are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of the Chinese Medical Team to Central Africa wrote a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on their learning and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, providing medical services to local people, and expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a community with a shared future for human health.
The members, alternate members, and provincial and ministerial-level main leaders who have newly joined the Central Committee have completed the seminar on studying and implementing Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Network - Huasheng Online
The members, alternate members, and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres newly admitted to the Central Committee have completed the seminar on studying and implementing Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress.
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xifeng] Font size:【Large 中 小】
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 10th Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the 20th CPC National Congress were studied and discussed by the newly elected members, alternate members, and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres at the Central Party School (National Administrative College) on the afternoon of the 10th. CPC Central Committee Political Bureau Member and Secretary of the Central Secretariat Cai Qi attended the graduation ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that we should deeply study and implement the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, firmly uphold the "two establishments", resolutely do the "two safeguards", enhance our capabilities, work hard to promote all aspects of Chinese modernization, and create achievements that can withstand the test of history, practice, and the people in the comprehensive construction of a socialist modernized country and the comprehensive promotion of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all participants were guided by Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and carefully studied the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar. They conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges, deepening their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues related to Chinese-style modernization. They strengthened their confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Xi Jinping at its core, and enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission to fulfill their duties and do their work well, ensuring a good start for the new era and a new journey.
At the graduation ceremony, 10 representatives from the seminar gave speeches to report and share their learning experiences.
Cai Qi said that learning and implementing Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress is both the top political task for the present and the future period and a long-term strategic task. We must follow the requirements of "comprehensively learning, comprehensively understanding, and comprehensively implementing" to promote learning and implementation work to go deeper, go further, and go to the heart.
To understand more deeply the decisive significance of the "two establishments", we must resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, safeguard the authority and centralized and unified leadership of the Party Central Committee, continuously improve our political judgment, political understanding, and political execution, and always maintain high consistency with the Party Central Committee led by General Secretary Xi Jinping in terms of thought, politics, and actions.
We must strive to master the basic skills of Marxist theory, consciously use the Party's innovative theories to arm our minds, guide our practices, and promote our work. We should make efforts in deep study, profound understanding, and sincere practice, so as to truly learn firm beliefs, absolute loyalty, and a sense of mission and responsibility.
We must carry out the decisions and arrangements of the 20th CPC National Congress in a spirit of vigorous action, vigorously promote Chinese modernization, roll up our sleeves and work hard, take on the role of "project manager", and turn our blueprints into reality step by step.
We must remember that comprehensively strengthening Party discipline is a never-ending journey, and the self-revolution of the Party is also a never-ending journey. We must firmly assume the political responsibility of comprehensively strengthening Party discipline, take the political building of the Party as the guiding principle, and vigorously promote the new great project of building the Party in the new era.
We must strengthen our ability to promote high-quality development, serve the people, and prevent and resolve risks, vigorously promote the spirit of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucratism.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shuilian, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinkun, Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the ceremony.
Google AI chatbot “answering the wrong questions” causes the parent company’s stock price to evaporate by billions of dollars
(Comprehensive report on the 11th)
Google's newly launched artificial intelligence chatbot Bard suffered a setback when it "answered a question incorrectly" in a promotional video, causing the share price of Google's parent company Alphabet to plummet by 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark and causing its market value to evaporate by $110 billion (about RM47.65 billion), closing at $94.57 on Friday.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as competitive as its rival Microsoft.
According to a report by Reuters, Google released an advertising short film about its AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier. In the film, someone asks Bard, "Can you tell me what new discoveries about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) I can tell my 9-year-old child?"
Bard mentioned in his response that the telescope had taken the first photo of a planet outside the solar system.
However, according to data from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States, the first photo of an exoplanet was taken by the Very Large Telescope of the European Southern Observatory in 2004.
Reuters reported under the headline “Alphabet’s stock price plunges after Bard’s incorrect response”.
On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response "emphasizes the importance of a rigorous testing process," combining external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets high standards based on quality, safety, and authentic information."
Singapore's tourism industry is recovering strongly, with inbound tourists increasing 19 times compared to 2021
(Comprehensive report on the 11th) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that it is expected that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore in 2023 will reach 12 million to 14 million, bringing about tourism benefits of about 18 billion to 21 billion new dollars; the number of tourists and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019; there is a high probability of a full recovery of the tourism industry in 2024.
The Singapore tourism market gradually restarted and recovered in 2022.
The latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board show that the number of inbound tourists increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million in 2022, exceeding the tourism board's earlier estimate of 40 million to 60 million. The number of tourists has already recovered to 33% of the pre-pandemic level.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled 8.96 billion New Zealand dollars. It is expected that the tourism revenue for the whole year of 2022 could reach 13.8 billion to 14.3 billion New Zealand dollars, which is 6 to 7 times higher than 1.89 billion New Zealand dollars in 2021, and has already recovered to about 50% to 52% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019.
The Singapore government is taking multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced that it would allocate nearly 500 million new dollars to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Bureau recently announced that it plans to allocate 110 million New Zealand dollars from this budget over the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists back.
In order to make health and wellness one of Singapore's tourism highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board released a call for expressions of interest on November 23, 2022, planning to develop a health and wellness destination on the southern coast of Singapore.
Wang Lingli, Executive Director of Sports and Health Tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have placed their physical health at the top of their considerations.
Developing a health and wellness destination in the southern part of the Bay South area, which includes the Bay South Garden and the Bay South Embankment, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism industry and economy, allowing tourists to spend more time and stay longer in Singapore.
Chen Jianlong, director of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that health and wellness will become an important component of Singapore's tourism products in the coming years.
The COVID-19 pandemic has increased public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the Tourism Bureau has been promoting health and wellness projects to the local public and international tourists over the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health and Wellness Festival, providing the public with more than 130 types of health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide new travel experiences for visitors.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, the Avatar World in Sentosa Bay Gardens, the St. Andrew's Central Beach Market, the "Explore New Horizons" exhibition added by the Art Science Museum, and the outdoor theater newly built by the Night Safari, the Tourism Board will support the development and update of projects such as the Flying Bird Park in Wan Tian Wildlife World, making Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will establish relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition, and incentive tourism industry within the year 2023, and focus on improving the problems of waste management and carbon emissions, further optimizing the tourism environment.
The recovery of the tourism industry in Singapore has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
Data shows that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with daily passenger numbers reaching 150,000, or about 1 million per week, which is about 75% of the pre-pandemic level. The number of airline employees on duty has also recovered to about 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
Data shows that from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million visitors, accounting for 42% of the pre-pandemic period, and there have been 170,000 flights, accounting for 53% of the pre-pandemic period.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also driven the recovery of the accommodation, transportation, dining, and shopping industries.
The Singapore government and the tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Khor Suet-dan, Assistant Director of the International Division of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that a survey by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore's safety index ranked among the top three in the world, which is also one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular with Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, about 3.6 million people traveled to Singapore for vacation every year from China.
As China relaxes its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to between a third and two-thirds of the number in 2019 this year.
Qiu Shudan pointed out that in the future, the Tourism Bureau will closely monitor the signals released by China regarding its policies on outbound travel, in order to respond to changes in the needs of tourists.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to welcome Chinese tourists, in response to new trends in overseas travel from China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the tourism industry will recover faster than expected, as long as there are no significant recessionary effects on public income and no new large-scale deadly epidemics occur.
Kim Jong-un and his daughter interact closely, while his wife is neglected
(Comprehensive report on the 11th) North Korea held a military parade to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army on the evening of the 8th. Kim Jong-un's daughter, Kim Ju-ae, not only attended the parade, but also stood on the podium with her father.
On the 9th, the North Korean official media released a video showing Kim Jong-un hugging her father, exchanging affectionate glances with him several times, whispering to him, and gently holding her father's face with her hands. She even touched her father's chest, and the interaction between the father and daughter was broadcast nationwide.
However, the first lady, Liu Shiqiu, had to step aside.
According to reports from South Korea's "Korea News", on the 7th, Kim Jong-un and his wife, Ri Sol-ju, brought their daughter, Kim Ju-ae, to a banquet. In the official photo, Kim Ju-ae not only sat in the middle C position, which is rare, but also stood on the podium with Kim Jong-un during the 75th anniversary of the founding of the Korean People's Army parade the next evening.
The North Korean state media, KCTV, released footage of the parade afterwards, exposing more scenes of deep father-daughter love.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times from the podium, and their smiles never faded. They whispered to each other in their ears, and Kim Jong-un once held up his father's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un responded with a bright smile.
Other official media images also show that the master's daughter was sitting on an indoor sofa with Kim Jong-un, constantly touching her father's face with her hand; when she was walking with her father, she was touching Kim Jong-un's chest with her hand.
Meanwhile, First Lady Liu Xiuzhu had to walk behind him or sit beside him, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
According to South Korean media, since the launch of the Mars-17 missile on November 18 last year, the probability of the mastermind being exposed has been increasing for three months, and this is the fifth time it has appeared in a formal setting.
The North Korean official media referred to Kim Jong-un as the beloved son, the noble son, etc., using the highest titles. They also broadcasted footage of Kim Jong-un repeatedly shouting his pledge to die in the defense of his pure bloodline while overlooking the parade from the stands.
These signs have led outsiders to question whether the mastermind has already been predetermined as the successor to the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that "this is a signal from Kim Jong-un to promote his daughter, who is in middle school, to the position of successor," but there are also views that this judgment is still premature, and there are still various possibilities in the situation where Kim Jong-un has a son.
Zhongyang Q&A | How to view the unexpectedly strong January non-farm employment data in the United States and the future trend - Economic Observer Network - a professional financial news website
Q: How does Reignwood Investment view the unexpectedly strong January non-farm employment data in the United States and the future trend?
On February 3, the US Department of Labor released the non-farm employment data for January 2023, with 517,000 new non-farm jobs, significantly higher than the market expectation of 189,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest in nearly 50 years; the hourly wage growth rate was 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, slightly slowing down.
From the overall perspective, this time's data is affected by many one-time and technical factors, such as the return to work of striking teachers, the revision of the survey and statistical scope, and the update of the seasonal factor. In the future, there may be some adjustments (refer to the downward revision from 504,000 to 364,000 for non-farm employment in January 2022), and non-farm employment may not be as strong as the data shows.
From a structural perspective, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still being felt, but the proportion is relatively low; the high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and healthcare have seen a significant increase in employment, and data shows that the labor shortage in the service industry still exists.
Combining the equally unexpectedly strong service PMI, the recovery of job vacancies and labor shortages, and the strong data on consumer credit, we judge that the US service industry has experienced rapid recovery after the extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the tight supply and demand in the US employment market cannot be improved without a recession.
There is still a supply gap of more than 5 million in the US labor market, and the labor participation rate is slow to rise, especially the labor participation rate of 25-54 year olds has already approached the pre-epidemic high point.
In addition, due to the strong savings and consumer credit of US residents, the strong demand for consumption will further delay the impact of contractionary policies on the employment market.
The continued tight supply and demand in the US job market will be the backdrop of the US economy in 2023.
With the current interest rate hike nearing its end and inflation expectations constantly fluctuating, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Before this data release, the US stock bond market was overly optimistic about the Fed's path of interest rate hikes.
As inflation data continues to improve, the Fed has been balancing the need to shorten the pace of rate hikes while maintaining a fragile balance in market inflation expectations. However, the market has ignored the Fed's hawkish tone, expecting not only an early end to rate hikes but also two rate cuts by the end of the year.
In the context of tight labor market supply and demand and the unclear impact of tightening policies, we believe that the Fed's guidance on rate hikes at the end of the year is relatively reasonable. The adjustment of extreme market expectations and the crowding of transactions may cause some harm to the market.
Despite this, the stubbornness of wage growth is difficult to change in the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. With M2 data turning negative year-on-year and various leading indicators of CPI gradually improving, US CPI data has been turning to a period of rapid decline since October. The stubbornness of wage growth will only provide a buffer for future inflation data, and current market expectations are difficult to falsify. The market may enter a new round of competition after the release of the next round of inflation data.
The founder of Sun Sun, Zheng Yonggang, passed away due to sudden heart disease. He once led the transformation of China's first listed clothing company - Economic Observer Network - a professional financial news website
On February 11, a WeChat public account certified by Shenshen Holdings Limited Company (hereinafter referred to as “Shenshen Holdings”) issued an announcement. Shenshen Enterprise’s founder and chairman of the board of directors of Shenshen Holdings, Zheng Yongqiang, died on February 10, 2023, at the age of 65, due to a sudden heart disease that could not be treated.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the head of a state-owned cotton spinning factory. With his transfer, in 1989, Zheng Yonggang became the head of Ningbo Yunhong Garment General Factory, the predecessor of Sunsun Group.
In December 2022, at the 20th China Enterprise Leaders Annual Meeting and the 22nd China Enterprise Future Stars Annual Meeting, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the market share of the Sunsun brand was as high as 37%.
Shanshui Stock (600884.SH) went public in 1996, becoming the first listed company in the Chinese clothing industry.
At a time when the clothing business was booming, Suning Group began to transform, because Zeng Yonggang realized that "once the market is liberalized, Chinese brands will naturally form a tiered brand market, and Suning Suit cannot always be the leader, and it is unlikely to become the national suit for a long time."
In 1999, Suning began researching corporate transformation. Zeng Yonggang recalled that year, “We came to Shanghai to find out what to transform into, and we specifically sought out a lot of experts and scholars. We held some Zhuge Liang meetings and Taoyuan seminars continuously.
Finally, we have set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is big health with a future.”
After the strategic direction was determined, Sunsun began to look for cooperation. At that time, the Anthracite Research Institute of Shenyang Steel was doing a national 863 project for Shenyang Steel, and the research funding was insufficient, so Sunsun signed a cooperation agreement with the Anthracite Research Institute of Shenyang Steel to jointly promote the industrialization of the national 863 project “Intermediate Phase Carbon Microspheres”, engage in the research, production, and sales of negative material, and promote the commercialization of negative material in China.
In 2001, Shanshui shares achieved the mass production of intermediate diamond microspheres, and began to replace imports with domestic production. It replaced Japan as the main supplier of intermediate diamond microspheres in the domestic market.
This is China's first lithium-ion battery negative material production enterprise, which has achieved the domestic production of lithium-ion battery negative materials.
As the application of lithium batteries rapidly spread, the lithium battery business of Shanshan Stock began to gradually develop. In 2007, the lithium material business was written into the main business of Shanshan Stock. The revenue share of the clothing business decreased year by year, until 2013, the revenue of Shanshan Stock's lithium material business completely surpassed that of the clothing business.
In February 2021, Shanshan Holdings successfully acquired the LG Chem polarizer business, entering the LCD polarizer market, and established Shansheng Optoelectronics, a polarizer company. This field has a relatively high technological content, and Shanshan's main competitors are all global Fortune 500 companies, such as Samsung in South Korea, Sumitomo Chemical in Japan, and JTEKT.
Zheng Yonggang has shared his insights on post-investment management, saying, “Chinese private enterprises acquire some high-tech companies internationally, but the success rate is relatively low. Why do these acquisitions fail?
Because everyone will consider it, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to manage it, this is a behavior that is usually done,” however, Zheng Yonggang is different, on the day when Suntak acquired Suntak, Zheng Yonggang announced in front of everyone at Suntak Light Electronics that Suntak, as a major shareholder of Suntak, decided to implement a one-company, two-systems model. In addition to Zheng Yonggang serving as the chairman, no one from Suntak Enterprises was sent to Suntak, and the company adopted a delegated management model. The existing distribution system, corporate culture, management model, etc. remained unchanged.
ICC Xintong Information released the negative electrode data for 2022, showing that the negative electrode of Shanshan exceeded 200,000 tons in 2022, with a year-on-year increase of 100%, accounting for 16% of the market share. The negative electrode material made of artificial graphite once again topped the list.
In the polarizing film business, according to statistics from Yano Research, the market share of Sunkyung Optoelectronics, a subsidiary of the company, reached 29% in the global market in 2022, and it is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the global market.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Shanshui Stock's revenue was 15.84 billion yuan, and its net profit was 2.31 billion yuan. On February 10, Shanshui Stock's share price was 19.24 yuan/share, and its total market value was 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Sunsun shares said on an interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's graphitization effective capacity will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitization capacity of the Meishan project is still in the process of climbing.
According to Wandi, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshui Stock.
Tianyancha shows that Zeng Yonggang holds a total shareholding proportion of 40.1% in Shenshen Holdings Limited.
The general manager of Shanshui Stock is Li Zhixia, born in 1968, who has served as the chairman of Dongguan Shanshui Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshui New Materials Science and Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshui Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and the deputy general manager of Ningbo Shanshui Stock Co., Ltd.
On February 10, Sunsun shares stated on the investor interaction platform that there is no blood relationship between the senior management of the company and the actual controller of the company.
“Fund E account” has arrived: the CSRC authorizes the development of the collection and query of all funds held by investors - Economic Observer Network - a professional financial news website
Economic Observer Network Reporter Chen Meng The complex fund purchase channels make it difficult to collect account information?
Always forgetting the "petty cash"?
These problems of the base people will soon be resolved.
On February 10, the Securities Regulatory Commission announced that the "Fund E Account" APP was available for download and public testing in various mobile app stores.
It was introduced that the “Fund E Account” provides a “one-stop” query service for public fund accounts and share information for individual investors, aiming to solve the pain points of forgetting accounts, querying being troublesome, etc. for a large number of small investors.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were a total of 156 public fund management institutions in China, managing fund assets of approximately 2.6 trillion yuan; there were 167 public fund share registration institutions and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The account systems of each share registration institution are independent of each other, and there is no unified query channel in the industry.
According to industry insiders, at the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in China, which means that half of the country's population invested in fund products.
Previously, investors had to inquire about their purchases through different sales institutions, but with the “Fund E Account”, they can inquire about their purchases through all sales channels, making it easy to keep track of their holdings.
What is the “Fund E Account” app?
According to the relevant documents, the "Fund E Account" APP is a public fund industry portal mobile application developed and built by China Clearing House with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with a one-stop query of the off-market shareholding of all public fund products in the market.
Investors can conveniently and quickly obtain information about their holdings of off-exchange shares of publicly offered funds under various fund managers purchased through all sales channels in the market through the "Fund E Account", which can greatly improve the efficiency of inquiries.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through the "Fund E Account" includes: fund account information opened at all public fund management institutions, transaction account information opened at public fund sales institutions, and the off-exchange shareholding situation of products such as publicly offered securities investment funds and collective asset management plans established and managed by securities companies, which do not have a limit of 200 investors.
Liu Yichen, the business manager of the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told reporters from Economic Observer that investors can use the "Fund E Account" app to learn about all their offshore publicly offered fund holdings in one place, helping them recover "forgotten assets". More importantly, it has enabled customers to collect comprehensive information on their fund investment across all accounts, helping them to better understand their own investment situation in a more timely, accurate, and complete manner. This, in turn, can help them better optimize their fund portfolio and better plan their own financial arrangements.
How to register and use it?
The reporter noticed that the "Fund E Account" app has been uploaded to the app stores of Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and vivo, but the app is still in the public testing phase. To register, you need to enter an invitation code, which can be obtained by contacting the fund manager of the fund you hold.
A customer service staff from a large public fund in Shanghai provided Economic Observer with a six-digit invitation code and told the reporter, “During the trial operation of the APP, China Clearing provides each fund manager with a certain number of invitation codes, which investors can obtain by calling us. We will provide them all.
After the trial operation is over, you will no longer need an invitation code when registering as an open user.
“
The reporter registered an account and completed a query by downloading and using the relevant documents for "Fund E Account" disclosed on the official website of the Securities Regulatory Commission. The whole process only took a few minutes and mainly consisted of four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, bonding of fund account, and public fund query.
After the real-name authentication step, click the "Assets" fund binding button. All fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms will appear in the binding option list (can be bound to an account). After binding, you can visually see the total assets of the funds you have invested in and can start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the "Fund E account" only provides query services for investors and cannot conduct redemption and trading.
The data displayed in the "Fund E account" is generally the date three trading days before the date the user conducted the query (T day).
For example, on February 10, when you open the "Fund E account", the total assets, fund shares, and net asset value displayed on the asset page correspond to the three trading days before that date, that is, February 7.
Copyright statement: The above content is an original work of the Economic Observer, and the copyright belongs to the Economic Observer.
Without the authorization of the Economic Observer, any reproduction or mirroring is strictly prohibited, and the relevant parties will be held legally responsible.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
The United States, Japan, and the Philippines have reached a consensus on defense against the CCP
Asia - On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan and met with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's infringement on the South China Sea and East China Sea. After the meeting, the leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement saying that they will conduct substantive defense exchanges through signing a trilateral defense agreement with the United States, and oppose the CCP's hegemonic policies.
According to Japanese media, Kishida Fumio hopes to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to address the crisis in the Taiwan Strait.
Xiaomakos visited China in early January this year and obtained an agreement worth 20 billion US dollars.
However, after that, Sino-Philippine relations not only did not improve, but actually deteriorated.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to the US military and to ensure security in the South China Sea.
One of the new bases is located 300 kilometers from Taiwan and is the closest location to China.
If a crisis occurs in Taiwan, the US military may launch operations from its base in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia, and even the Philippines have now formed an axis with the United States, building a "counter-Communist arc" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
When the Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, Xia Litian, visited China, he conveyed the message from Song Tao: welcome the Green Camp to visit Taiwan under the 92 Consensus
This time, the Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang Party of China in Taiwan, Xia Lijun, met with the Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the Communist Party of China, Song Tao, and the Member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, Wang Huning, during his visit to China.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor to the Kuomintang's official institution, the Guo Zheng Foundation, was interviewed by the Taiwan Central News Agency last night. He actively praised Song Tao's remarks to Xia Litian, saying that as long as they recognize the "92 Consensus" and oppose Taiwan independence, China welcomes Green Party members to visit the mainland.
The Kuomintang side regarded it as a new thing.
Xia Lijian met with Song Tao earlier and the news report for that day did not mention this statement.
The ruling Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan has been clarifying its rejection of the "92 Consensus" for days.
According to Central News Agency today, Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, Xia Lijun, led a delegation to visit the mainland. During their stay in Beijing, they met with Wang Huning, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, and the new Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, Song Tao, as well as Beijing Municipal Party Secretary, Yin Li.
When Shi Lijian met with Song Tao, they discussed the political basis of the national unification between the Communist Party of China and the Kuomintang, which is the "92 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor of the Kuomintang National Government Fund, said in the meeting that the "92 Consensus" of the Kuomintang is the authentic "92 Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this was different from the previous times he participated in the meeting.
In recent video talks with scholars on the mainland and this one, I have not heard any mention of the use of force or the "anti-secession law" by Taiwan scholars. Instead, there has been a focus on restoring communication and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the situation on both sides of the Taiwan Strait is dangerous and that the mainland hopes to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the CCP and the DPP, the other party still wants to do a good job of working with Taiwanese people, and the representative does not want to ruin cross-Strait relations.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally gave instructions to Song Tao, saying, "You must implement the demands made by them [Taiwanese farmers and fishermen]", and if it is not possible to resolve the issue comprehensively, individual cases must be handled.
The report did not mention whether the KMT officials directly mentioned the daily harassment of Taiwan by Chinese military aircraft and warships during their visit to the mainland, the agricultural and fishery problems in some counties and cities in Taiwan, or whether the reporters from Central News Agency asked questions about these issues.
The Federation of Lawyers once again mobilizes a large-scale demonstration against the government's retirement reform plan
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions once again launched a nationwide mobilization against the government's draft retirement pension reform, calling on the public to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of social protests against the draft reform of the government pension system.
The number of people who respond to the call for a rally may affect the next action plan of the trade union group.
This is the fourth time in a month that the eight major trade union groups in France have jointly launched a nationwide mobilization, and it is the first time that this round of protests has scheduled a rally on a Saturday.
Since Saturday is a day off for most French people, they do not need to choose between participating in demonstrations and strikes, and the trade union groups therefore hope that today's gathering activities will attract more people to participate.
The unions of the public transport system, subway, and public railway companies did not call for a strike today, and the public transport system should be able to operate normally. Citizens can take the bus to the rally venue, and people in areas where schools start winter vacation can go on a normal vacation.
The trade union group hopes that more than one million people will participate in the rally today, while the police expect a national participation of between 600,000 and 800,000 people. Between 90,000 and 120,000 people may gather in the Paris city center.
Since the beginning of the protests against the government's retirement pension reform plan, although opinion polls show that most French people do not support measures to delay the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people actually taking to the streets to participate in the demonstrations has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 gathered 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of protesters on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million nationwide.
This retirement pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
In the opposition parties, especially those led by the radical left, countless amendment proposals have been submitted, which has slowed down the review process.
The debates between the two sides are becoming more intense and sharp.
A member of the radical left-wing party France Insoumise recently posted a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the image of the Minister of Labor on social media, which triggered protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly ultimately announced a 15-day ban on the member's participation in parliamentary activities as punishment for this behavior.
Although this reform plan has triggered the largest social movement in France in recent 20 years, so far, the government has made some adjustments to the draft, but has not made any major concessions.
The trade union has already prepared to launch another action on Thursday next week, March 16th. On March 7th, when the reform draft was sent to the Senate for discussion, the trade union also plans to organize demonstration actions.
China encourages higher birth rates, donor sperm for college students, high quality standards
The Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province, China, issued an announcement on the 9th, inviting those with a college degree or above or students to donate sperm. Those who successfully donate 8 to 12 times can receive a subsidy of 4,500 yuan.
According to reports by Taiwanese media today, the message went viral on Weibo on the day it was posted, and triggered follow-up initiatives in many provinces and cities, including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong, and Beijing.
According to a report by the Free Times, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
The donation of sperm is highest in universities across the country, with the highest donation threshold in Beijing. In addition to education, applicants must be at least 1.70 meters tall, have a good appearance, no noticeable hair loss, and near-sightedness cannot exceed 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province stated that donors can receive a full male reproductive health check-up worth 1,000 yuan, “especially sperm and chromosome testing, which most people have never done before, is of great significance in understanding their reproductive status”.
The conditions for sperm donors include being taller than 165 cm, having a college degree or higher, having no color blindness or hereditary diseases such as hepatitis B.
According to a report citing news from Tianmu News in China, the sperm bank in Shaanxi Province has posters that read “paid sperm donation, infinite glory”, calling on young people to donate sperm and encouraging netizens to share related messages to “spread love”.
The price in Shaanxi is higher than that in Yunnan. Eligible individuals can receive 300 yuan in cash each time, and those who donate sperm a certain number of times can receive a subsidy of 5,000 yuan.
Currently, the highest known price is in Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
The last communist prime minister of East Germany has passed away
The successor of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that "last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
Therefore, our party has lost an important leader.
“
On November 13, 1989, four days after the Berlin Wall, which had separated East Berlin and West Berlin for 28 years, was opened, Modrow said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.
At that time, the leaders of the Communist Party were forced to step down due to protests by demonstrators throughout East Germany demanding democracy and freedom.
After Gorbachev came to power in the Soviet Union, he called for changes to be made in Eastern Europe, which was dominated by the Soviet Union.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free election in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results led to him no longer serving as prime minister.
Although Modrow carried out reforms, his opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and reunification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for trying to reform the secret police instead of abolishing it.
In 1993, Mordor was found guilty of electoral fraud in the municipal elections of May 1989, but did not go to prison.
Some have claimed that these allegations are politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament and served as a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modero sees himself as a reformer and hopes to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said that the achievements of East Germany should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica in Poland), and received training as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as the sergeant of a youth fire department and became a member of the Nazi militia organization Volkssturm towards the end of the conflict, which recruited men aged 16 to 60 for the final struggle.
When he was 17 years old, Modrow was captured by the Soviet army and taken as a prisoner of war to the Soviet Union, where he took part in anti-Fascist courses and became a committed Communist.
In 1949, the year when East Germany was established, he returned to his home country and found a job as a mechanic. He continued to study social sciences and economics and earned a doctorate.
Modrow was an employee of the Free German Youth Movement, which almost all young people in East Germany joined. During the period from 1973 to 1989, they were promoted to the chairman of the party in the Dresden region through the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED).
He also served in the parliament of East Germany for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state office.
Iran marks revolution anniversary, hackers who support protests terrify president's televised speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official gathering on Saturday to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ebrahim Raisi's televised speech.
The president's live television address was interrupted on the internet for about a minute, and a group of black hat hackers against the Iranian government appeared on the screen. Their name was "Edalat Ali (Ali Justice)".
There was also a voice shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic".
According to a report by Reuters today, hackers interrupted the broadcast of the national television station on the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution.
Iran's official commemoration of the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution faces the most daring challenge from young protesters demanding that the hardliner government in Lasi be replaced, but Lasi still calls on "young people who have been deceived" to repent so that they can receive forgiveness from Iran's highest leaders.
Protests continue to sweep across Iran following the death of 22-year-old Amina Mahsa Amini in custody of the country's morality police in September.
The Iranian security forces have carried out deadly repression against protest activities, which is one of the strongest challenges faced by the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution overthrew the 2,500-year monarchy.
As part of the commemoration of the anniversary of the revolutionary amnesty, the Iranian authorities released the imprisoned dissident Fahad Mesami and the Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelkhah, who had been on hunger strike, on Friday.
Earlier, the highest leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty decree, which includes some prisoners arrested in recent anti-government protests.
According to the human rights organization HRANA, as of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors.
The report also says that 70 government security personnel were killed.
It is believed that as many as 19,763 protesters were arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and official media have been calling for voting at the rally on Saturday to show opposition to the protests and support for the government.
On the night of Friday, the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, official media showed fireworks as part of government-sponsored celebrations, and people shouted "Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!)”
However, many people could be heard shouting "Down with the dictator!" at the rally.
"And the 'death of the Islamic Republic' in videos posted on social media."
On Saturday, the government television station broadcast live footage of official gatherings in all the states across the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebration activities, domestically produced anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine frigates, and other military equipment were displayed.
President Leslie's speech was often interrupted by the slogan "America, go to hell" - a signature slogan at state rallies.
The crowd also shouted "Death to Israel".
Reuters said that Adelkhah, who has been imprisoned since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, which is a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on charges of national security.
They later placed her under house arrest, but she returned to prison in January.
Adelkhah denied these allegations.
A week before Meszaros was released, supporters warned that he was at risk of death due to his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of headscarves.
The French Foreign Ministry responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday, calling for her freedom to be restored, "including if she wishes, she should be allowed to return to France."
“
Did the balloon incident shine a brighter light on the United States?
Strengthen restrictions on the export of technology to China
According to a report by the Wall Street Journal today, the United States is preparing to further tighten its export of technology to China after the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials say the above balloon incident highlights the national security threat posed by China and will generate more political support for strengthening U.S. technological protection.
The United States claims that the balloon carries antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior official of the US Central Intelligence Agency and currently working at the Washington think tank New America Security Center.
"This is undoubtedly pouring oil on the fire and supports the hardline view towards China."
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday, "We will also consider taking broader action to expose and respond to China's larger-scale surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security and that of our allies and partners."
"US officials said they have informed the governments of more than 30 countries about the above-mentioned balloon incident, and international coordination is crucial to counter the threat from China.
Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Special Committee on the Strategic Competition between the United States and the Communist Party of China in the US House of Representatives may also pressure the United States to take more severe measures to slow down China's development.
She said that members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which may force the White House to adopt a more hardline policy.
The Wall Street Journal reported that many people who advocate for stricter export controls are also pushing to expand the scope of controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The US government has also been developing a foreign investment review plan to examine whether US investments overseas pose potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say that the White House may face calls to speed up the implementation of the plan.
The earthquake relief work in Syria continues day and night
Since a strong earthquake hit Turkey and neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working tirelessly day and night in the rubble of thousands of buildings that were destroyed by the earthquake, rescuing survivors who were buried under debris.
In the cold temperatures, they often call for silence, as they struggle to hear any signs of life from the crumbling piles of concrete.
According to a report by Reuters today, two more women were rescued from the rubble of the earthquake after surviving for several days.
However, the number of deaths caused by the earthquake has risen to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey was 20,665, and the death toll in Syria exceeded 3,500.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that occurred on Monday was followed by several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria. It is the seventh deadliest natural disaster of this century, surpassing the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011, and coming close to the 31,000 deaths caused by the earthquake in neighboring Iran in 2003.
A similar strong earthquake that occurred in the northwest of Turkey in 1999 caused the deaths of more than 17,000 people.
The Turkish authorities said on Saturday that two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake to hit the region in 20 years, and that rescuers in Turkey pulled the women out from the rubble of collapsed buildings.
Another injured man, 55-year-old Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeast Turkey.
In the frigid temperatures, rescuers often call for quiet, as they struggle to hear any signs of life from the crumbling pile of concrete.
In the Samandag district of Turkey, rescuers crouched under concrete slabs, whispering "Inshallah" - "God willing" - as they carefully reached into the rubble to rescue a newborn baby who was just 10 days old.
He opened his eyes wide, and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and taken to a field hospital.
Video images show that the emergency responders also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale on a stretcher, but conscious.
Fuat Oktay, the Vice President of Turkey, told reporters overnight that 67 people were rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, and a total of 31,000 rescue personnel were deployed in the affected areas.
He said that about 80,000 people were receiving treatment in hospitals, while 1.05 million people had become homeless due to the earthquake and were crowded in temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, people are increasingly questioning the disaster relief response of the leaders of the two countries.
According to Syrian official media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma visited a hospital in Aleppo. This is reportedly the first time he has visited the affected area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said that due to the complex nature of relief work in a state of war, its stocks in the northwest of Syria, which is controlled by rebels, are about to run out.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Adiyaman province in Turkey, where he admitted that the government's response was not as fast as expected.
Opponents have seized on this issue to attack Erdoğan, who is running for re-election in a vote on May 14, but it may be postponed due to the disaster.
Reuters said that anger over delayed aid and the start of rescue efforts could affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most severe challenge to Erdogan's two decades in power.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called "negative campaigns for political gain."
The leader of Turkey's main opposition party, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, criticized the government's response.
Critics say, "The earthquake was big, but what is more serious than the earthquake is the lack of coordination, lack of planning, and incompetence."
“
Viet Tien Hanoi——Viet Tien Special Correspondent reports that during his visit to Brunei Darussalam, on the morning of February 11, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, abbreviated as “Brunei University”).
The University of Brunei Darussalam is the largest higher education and scientific research center in Brunei, ranking third in the local university rankings.
Universiti Brunei Darussalam is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
Brunei University officially established a cooperative relationship with Vietnam's FPT University in July 2013, with English training as the main area of cooperation.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese, and Korean, Vietnamese is also included in the curriculum at Brunei University.
During a visit to the University of Brunei, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Pham Minh Chinh, and his wife exchanged with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh is pleased that more and more foreigners are interested in learning Vietnamese, and he is making active contributions to promoting the cultural characteristics and local customs of Vietnam to the world.
Prime Minister of Brunei Darussalam, Pehin Dato Haji Abdullah Haji Ahmad, expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching team at Brunei University will become stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language class are increasingly interested in Vietnamese, striving to learn it, and will be able to use fluent Vietnamese early on and become ambassadors of friendly cooperation between the two countries.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also took the opportunity to interact with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Tien Giang City via video, to learn about their learning situation, especially during the epidemic.
According to Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh, the cooperative relationship between Vietnam's FPT University and Brunei University, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the cooperative relationship between Vietnam and Brunei in education.
At the same time, I hope that the students at the center will make greater progress in their studies and make active contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and the two countries.
During his discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of Brunei University, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng highly praised the achievements of the two countries in educational cooperation, including the cooperation between FPT University and Brunei University, as well as Brunei University's initiative to include Vietnamese language in its teaching curriculum.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh hopes that the University of Brunei Darussalam will continue to pay attention to ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the scale of Vietnamese language classes.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also highly evaluated the positive results achieved by the cooperation between the two countries based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Educational Cooperation signed in April 2014; he suggested that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs, such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng highly praised the establishment of the first branch campus of Brunei University in Vietnam; believes that the university's development scale in the region and the world is increasingly strong; and further expand cooperation with Vietnamese higher education institutions.
On this occasion, Prime Minister Fan Ming and his wife planted a commemorative tree in the campus of the University of Brunei and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Fan Mingjie wishes that the University of Brunei Darussalam will continue to develop and contribute more and more to Brunei's education industry. He also hopes to deepen and broaden cooperation with educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(Finished)
Vietcombank
Viet Tien Hanoi - Viet Tien Special Correspondent reports that the official visit of Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife to Singapore and Brunei has been successfully concluded, achieving comprehensive, practical and concrete results.
Within three days of his visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingqiang participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements have injected new momentum into the promotion of the strategic partnership and comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and Laos, which are constantly moving towards deeper, broader and more effective directions.
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh continued to reiterate Vietnam's foreign policy, which is based on independence, diversity, change, and the desire to be a good friend and reliable partner to all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of both countries, and they are committed to promoting the well-being of their people and to peace, stability, and development in the region and the world.
At various meetings and talks, Prime Minister Fan Mingjian agreed with the leaders of Singapore and Brunei that they would strengthen political mutual trust with Vietnam through the exchange of high-level delegations, the effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms, and the signing of important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnership signed with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening Comprehensive Partnership with Brunei in the 2023-2027 Period signed with Brunei are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnership.
Photo from Vietnam News Agency
During meetings with business leaders, symposiums, or economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates favorable conditions for Singaporean and Bruneian businesses to expand their investment in Vietnam in areas such as digital transformation, green energy, high technology, and innovation and creativity.
This visit not only helps deepen the cooperation between Vietnam, Singapore, and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, foreign affairs, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and civil exchanges, but also creates a cooperation framework for the countries in new potential fields such as the digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah of Brunei and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter into a bilateral talks.
Photo from Vietnam News Agency
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the local Vietnamese community living there.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh suggested that the authorities of both countries pay more attention to ensuring that the local Vietnamese community is treated fairly, create conditions for local communities to contribute to society and cultivate bilateral relations, and provide opportunities for the local Vietnamese community to receive fair treatment.
These suggestions have been agreed upon and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Fan Ming shared with the leaders of the two countries their desire for a united, peaceful, stable, and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain unity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance ASEAN's central role in the complex and changing regional and international situations.
Based on the important achievements obtained, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh's official visit to Singapore and Brunei has made an active contribution to effectively implementing the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam, prioritizing the strengthening of relations with ASEAN neighboring countries, effectively implementing the 12th conclusion of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam on Vietnamese overseas affairs in the new situation (12-KL/TW), and mobilizing the strength of national unity.
(Finished)
What exactly was the "object" that was shot down over Alaska?
Confusing and full of speculation
On Friday afternoon (February 10), the US military once again used the most advanced stealth fighter jet F-22 to shoot down an unidentified object flying in the sky above Alaska, USA.
The location where it was shot down is ten miles from the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time the US military has shot down an airborne object in less than a week.
Last Saturday, a spy balloon from China floated over the United States for several days before being destroyed by the US military near the coast of South Carolina.
The Pentagon said that the second object shot down entered US airspace for the first time on Thursday night, was tracked by the US military while moving over northeastern Alaska, flying at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet), about the size of a small car, much smaller than the previous Chinese spy balloon that was shot down.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no evidence to suggest that the object is maneuverable.
John Coyne, the strategic communications coordinator for the National Security Council at the White House, said on Friday that although the specific appearance of the object flying at high altitude was not yet clear, it "poses a reasonable threat to the safety of civilian aircraft."
Kobe said that this object was different from the spy balloon found in the United States, as it did not have a "payload" hanging from it.
Kobe said, "We call it a 'body' because it's the best description we can make at the moment."
President Biden listened to the advice of the Pentagon before ordering the object to be shot down, and he made his decision "very carefully," Cobie added.
The official description of this object by the United States can be roughly summarized as follows: it is about the size of a small car, has no control stick, no suspension system, and flies at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
However, this information still cannot answer basic questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs to, and what tasks it is carrying out.
Currently, many analyses and speculations online suggest that it may be another Chinese balloon.
It may be from China, just like the spy balloon that invaded US airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, and they may be carrying out some kind of mission in different locations.
Some people also associate this "object" in Alaska with "unidentified flying objects" (UFOs).
A report by the American Newsweek quoted a tweet posted by former US Congressman Peter Meijer on Friday, saying, "I really hope that this 'unidentified flying object' is a spy balloon, rather than a legitimate UFO."
"It is surprising that the comparison of alien spacecraft with weather balloons is being made, but this should not lead to an interstellar conflict," Mejj said.
Mejia posted this tweet shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said that it was not just Mejia who doubted that the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Congressman Tim Burchett criticized the government's cover-up of intelligence last month, calling on the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
Amazon's customer service attitude is hard to believe
It's estimated that few people will see this, but I still want to say a few words.
This shirt was originally a pullover with a drawstring when we bought it, but it was eventually sent to me as a short-sleeved shirt.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service, and at that time, it was confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I requested a replacement, and the customer service said they would handle it. Then, I immediately saw that the product name had changed to short sleeves, and the link I had bought was taken down.
Then, the customer service notified me to either keep the goods and compensate me with a certain amount, or return the goods.
Is this how Amazon handles things?
It's really hard to believe that the wrong clothes being sent to me is not my problem. As a consumer, I want to receive the products I am entitled to, and I have not made any exaggerated demands. Amazon changed the name and said there was no stock.
This is my first long review, and I hope it's not my last.
Sleeves that are incomprehensible to people
It is said to be made of leather, and it is indeed quite hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks in it, making it difficult to tell whether it is real leather. Moreover, the sleeves of this coat are truly incomprehensible. Usually, the sleeves of a jacket are slightly longer than the sleeves of a dress, but usually only by 1-2 cm. This coat is over 5 cm long, and the arms should naturally hang down to the position of the wrist joint. However, the sleeves of this coat cover the fingers.
Buying clothes is easy, and returning them is easy too.
But when will the money be returned?
The clothes are well made, but because they are too small, I had to return them. However, it has been more than a week since I returned the clothes, and I still haven't received a refund?
Moreover, the buyer had to contact the unreliable Fengfeng Express, which was the worst shopping experience since buying items from Amazon!
However, the store was good and actively cooperated to prompt the courier to refund on time, but the work of this Full Peak Courier was really infuriating. It took about half a month to refund the money. This partner was trying to drag Amazon's feet. The work efficiency was poor and there was no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
It's a 99-second kill.
The workmanship, color, and handfeel of the underwear are all good, they are soft/thin and not too thick, and they don't have a gasoline smell.
Unfortunately, the model is slim, which is more suitable for young people.
3XL, flat waist circumference 2 feet 5 inches, maximum stretch size 4 feet, 1.79/80 kilograms, the waist is a bit tight to wear.
It seems that there is no belt to loosen or tighten around my waist, and it is quite difficult to loosen my waistband.
In addition, wearing a tight-fitting garment is uncomfortable.
It's good, but the color isn't very bright
It just went up by over 200, what's going on here.
The first time Amazon used the courier Tian Tian Lao Kuai, the delivery was not made at home. Later, the courier proactively arranged two delivery times with me, but the courier still did not deliver. Later, they directly refunded my order. This dishonest courier has no integrity at all. I strongly recommend not using Tian Tian Lao Kuai again.
This time, a sweatshirt that I returned also had a price increase of over 100 yuan.
Amazon should not sell its own products
Buy it when it's on sale, it's not cheap, and the reviews are also very good.
When I actually received the product, I was stunned. The surface of the product was heavily worn, with wear in many other places. It was either a substandard product or a used one, as shown in the picture later.
I applied for a return, and the factory's people said it was due to transportation after seeing the pictures, isn't that just nonsense?
How could there be wear and tear inside the goods?
There are only two possibilities: either it is a substandard or old product, or I deliberately damaged the product and then returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I have not damaged the goods, but based on my credit record when shopping on Amazon, I believe that such goods should not appear in Amazon's self-owned products. When customers choose Amazon's self-owned products, it is because they trust them. Customer win, we win. The customer's victory is the victory of the manufacturer. I hope that we can all work together to improve, thank you.
I've been using this product for less than a year and two E2s have appeared. I don't know how to handle it?
I purchased this product on July 30, 2015, but from March 2016, the two sets of receivers on the right side often showed red E2, which should be due to problems with the transmitting module. This does not seem to be consistent with the statement on the Amazon website that the transmitting module can work for 7 years. I cannot find after-sales service on the Amazon website. How should I proceed?
It's okay.
The first purchase was bad.
It doesn't feel new.
The labels on the box were torn off, and the labels on the body of the machine were broken.
And it keeps going blank.
It's better now.
The exchange is quite fast, it gets a bit blurry at night, the view is not very wide, but it is enough for ordinary home use.
The only downside is that I don't have a card, I bought it myself, and I also bought a phone from Amazon before.
There will be a sticker on the packaging to prevent the packaging from being opened, but there was none this time. When I bought the phone, there was a sticker that looked like the one on the warranty card, but there was none this time.
I'm confused because I don't know if it's because the price has gone down or not.
Waiting for the supplier to respond
The packaging had no markings, so I called the supplier directly and said that the lack of markings indicated that it was authentic. If you have any doubts, you can mail the corner pieces to Johnson & Johnson for inspection. They also left their license plate number and phone number, and promised to send a text message to enter my information into the warranty card on the Johnson & Johnson website. Why haven't I received a text message yet?
I received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's self-produced products are still very reassuring.
The master who changed the oil said that the oil was clear and it was indeed good oil.
Because it was the second time I bought it.
So I'm still very confident.
The delivery was fast, and there was no place where the packaging was picky. After using this oil, the engine noise decreased noticeably.
The cost-effectiveness is good, and it is difficult to find synthetic engine oil for less than 200 yuan.
Support Star Crown, support winning, effectively protect your car.
Japanese Amazon caused serious harm to the interests of buyers due to customer service issues (a 8c pill bug was shipped as a 8cm pill bug) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
Admitting to the mistake, but always shifting the blame, always emphasizing that the goods are third-party goods and cannot be restricted by third parties.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
When I initially purchased the page, the size options were 7c, 8, and 9c. I thought this was a trap, so I called the Japanese customer service and clearly stated that 8 was 8c. However, when the goods arrived in China, I found that they were only 8cm. I feel that this was a deliberate trap set by Amazon to deceive Chinese people (according to their after-sales service). Now, the page no longer has this option.
Chinese customer service: I'm sorry for causing you loss, we have two options for you:
1. If you return the item, the buyer will bear all the shipping costs.
2. If you do not return the item, we will compensate you with 1,000 yen.
(I'll do the math, the shoes are over 4000 yen, which is equivalent to 200rmb, option 1, I don't have shoes, I've lost 200 yen.
Option 2, I have shoes, and they compensated me with 2000 yen in the end, and I ended up losing 150 yuan. Customer service: We have recorded it, we will handle it seriously, and the next day they sent me a letter saying that I did not accept the mediation by the Chinese customer service, and that was it.
I asked: When I was presented with confusing options such as 7c, 8c, and 9c, the Chinese customer service helped me understand that Japanese common codes do not have c, like 140, but have you checked other mosquito pages?
There are American codes and Japanese codes mixed together.
Furthermore, why did you put the 8cm in between the 7c and 9c, as it is the smallest size, and what does it mean to put it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese services, but we don't know if you want to ship it back to your country, so we won't compensate for your shipping fees.
I don't understand this logic again. I am Japanese, and I still need Chinese customer service. Chinese living in Japan don't need Chinese customer service. Tourists visiting Japan don't need to make international long-distance calls. So the question arises, who needs to make Chinese calls to Amazon Global Shopping? It's people like me who shop on Amazon Japan.
Isn't the Amazon Chinese customer service just convenient for those of us who do cross-border shopping?
I am not very satisfied with this purchase
This is the second time I have purchased baby diapers from Amazon. I bought a box of them when my baby was 2 months old. I chose diapers made from European imported paper. I was quite satisfied with my first purchase experience. My baby used one diaper all night long, and it really did meet the 12-hour diaper-free requirement.
However, this time when I bought L-brand diapers, there were two packages in one box, and when I opened them, I found that the paper was quite soft, which was noticeably different from the imported Baby Care brand. After using them on my baby, they were still okay, and there were no signs of leaks or rashes.
However, by the second pack of diapers, red rashes appeared immediately on the inside of the baby's thighs after use, and have not faded away yet.
I doubt the quality of the two packets in one box. They are not the same.
I won't be buying any more in the future!
Hope for the protection of the transportation of parcels
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have seen in all my online shopping. There are no protective measures at all, no buffer foam, no package buffer layer material, nothing.
It's just a deformed box.
Moreover, the soft plastic boxes inside were packaged in cardboard boxes that were crushed and deformed.
I hope it is the real thing and the quality is guaranteed, so I won't dare to buy things from the Amazon in the future.
I would rather be a little more expensive at home with some guarantees.
Moreover, the issue of packaging for consumer products was commented on in 2016, and it still looks the same now, 19 years later.
This shows that Amazon doesn't really care about service feedback, which is a far cry from domestic e-commerce giants such as JD and Tmall.
It's beautiful, but a bit regrettable
I really like the color of the entire cup, which is orange-red. Although my family is a man's family, I still think that orange-red and yellow look very eye-catching together.
It's smaller than I imagined, but it was meant to be taken out of the house, so it's still acceptable.
I tried it at home last night and found that the distance between the straw and the cap was too close after the cap was pushed open. Because the straw is positioned vertically, my son always has to hold the bump on the cap while drinking, so he wondered if this part could be improved.
It seems that the straw cups of other brands are angled because there is a reason for it, and when it comes to children's products, safety and comfort really matter.
Lightweight and large capacity
I like that it is lightweight and has a large opening, but the two separate compartments seem a bit excessive to me, and I'm not sure what to put in them.
After buying it, I found that there was another one from a different brand that was very similar, priced at less than 200 yuan.
Fake goods are particularly bad
Amazon sells fake goods, and I have fallen for it.
The customer service said that because it was used, it cannot be returned, so I don't know if it's fake.
Because of trust, I am sad, after all, it is a makeup product, so go to a physical store and buy it, it will be more expensive.
Because it is a flash sale, I have not read the comments, and I have already submitted the e-commerce platform to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let's fight for our rights together.
Is it broken?
Fake goods?
In short, a tragedy.
When using the second sheet, I chose one with fine pores, but as soon as I opened it, it had a strange smell. I thought it was normal because I had never used this product before. When I applied it to my face, I couldn't stand it anymore. It had a very strong smell that was hard to describe. I started coughing immediately, and my eyes were also very painful. I started crying and immediately took it off to wash my face.
Another brand of the same product has appeared, without the strong taste, and I am applying it now.
It reminds me a bit of the smell of low-quality hair dye in a salon.
I can't imagine that Amazon's own skincare products will be off the market from now on?
You scoundrels!
When I purchased it, the activity page said that when you spend 99 yuan, you will receive a set of "Three-Body Problem" books. When I received the goods, I didn't receive this gift. When I called customer service, they asked me to show them the screenshot of the activity at that time. The problem is that whoever buys things also saves webpage screenshots. You yourself have done this activity, and you still need the customer to provide you with it. Buyers, please save evidence next time.
Using after-feeling
This is the first time I have bought something from Amazon. I have a few feelings about it. First of all, it is indeed painless, and there is no stimulating taste. Overall, it is quite good. It fell off after waiting for about 8 minutes. There were some sweat flakes on it, but they were not noticeable unless you looked closely. Overall, it is not bad. As for the future, I will continue to use it and see how it goes.
Anyway, I think this stuff is really good.
The second one placed an order on the 27th, received the goods on the 12th, and it took a total of 15 days, or half a month. The delivery service of Amazon was also very good.
Third, don't believe in Amazon's Black Friday. Just place your order on Friday, and you'll get a discount of nearly 12 yuan after waiting for two days. That is, I bought it for more than 170 yuan (including shipping and so on), and it feels like they raise the price when they hold an event.
The customer service said that the price fluctuates, and the price has been like this for more than 10 days, with not much fluctuation.
Affordable price, made in Japan, with Chinese labels, with granules, definitely worth buying back!
The ones with granules in the paste have a refreshing effect, making your teeth feel smooth. There are too many second-hand things there, which they claim are imported. However, many of the items don't have Chinese labels, so I don't know where they are sourced from.
From now on, I will never buy second-hand goods again as long as Amazon has them.
I have a suggestion. Sometimes, the order cannot be posted on the Amazon app. I hope the app can be improved, and it will get better and better!
These days, Excellent is getting worse and worse, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
Waste Excellence does not consider customer needs when placing orders, and the special delivery time is from 19:00 to 22:00.
Because there are elderly people at home who are bedridden after surgery, it is only convenient to receive parcels at night.
The result was that they came directly to my doorstep at noon, without even calling me first.
If the delivery time is up to your courier to decide when to deliver, why bother to make up a time for customers to choose from?
If your logistics cannot guarantee service, then you should just not do e-commerce!
A senior citizen with three wounds on his body has to get out of bed to open the door to receive a package, and he has to find some spare change to pay for it!
The order has a contact phone number!
No one has called to explain anything from the beginning to the end!
The so-called complaint customer service at Zhuozhe Network is a group of outsiders pretending to be there, fobbing off your complaints and then giving you a so-called response.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I had encountered this kind of problem before, where the delivery time was not accurate, so I just put up with it, but this time I couldn't bear it, it was too much!
The pre-sale of the new book arrived and the cover and back were reversed. Is it okay to send the book to the customer like this, with obvious quality problems?
Even if you leave a negative comment, no one will contact you.
These days, Excellent is getting worse and worse, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
I will not spend a penny on Excellence again.
The quality of the photos is simply unacceptable
As a title such as “Ancient Map Collection”, this book is really hard to accept in terms of the selection of pictures, layout, and printing. Some pictures even have mosaics, making them blurry and unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small illustration, it should be worthy of the ancient Chinese literature left behind by our ancestors in the catalogue!
(And many of the images can be obtained from relevant industry resources in clear original format.) What is the difference between using such images to compile books and not using images at all?
I regret this kind of learning spirit.
I will not comment on the writing, as everyone in the family has their own preferences.
Overall 2 stars.
When I was in high school, I read this book just out of boredom, thinking that I wouldn't get addicted to a book like this, because the web novels I had read in the past weren't very appealing to me.
Then...he fell into a hole.
According to this plot, the whole book is relatively light and enjoyable. When Ye Shu was still playing online games, even if there were intrigues between guilds, they were not heavy because they were often caused by Ye Shen Dog Blood, so they were not serious.
As for the part about the competition, it conveys a bittersweet feeling of the changing times and the alternation of old and new（perhaps because I am more sentimental）.
Reading the entire book took up a lot of my time in high school, but I just couldn't stop.
The full-time depiction of characters and emotional lines is very impressive, and some characters only appear occasionally but leave a deep impression on people. Characters such as Ye Xu, Huang Shuangtian, and Su Mochi, who are given more attention, have a large number of fans, while characters who are not in the center of the story, such as Jiang Bo, Chu Yunxiu, etc., are also very popular. In a light novel about e-sports, it is hard to find a character that people hate the most. This is the success of Fulltime in character depiction.
In terms of the romance line, there are no backstage beauties with the defects that are often criticized in general web novels, such as three thousand beautiful women or all women being corrupt. Everyone in the novel has one thing in common: they all like the game Honor and want a legitimate victory.
The subplots are small, but there are no big conspiracies, and everyone seems so simple and adorable.
This may also be why there are no unlikable characters in full-time work.
The full-time IP is very large, and it is also due to this.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of web novels, Full-time Wife is a good book.
To some extent, he really does provide people with some blood and sweat, and a little bit of inspiration.
This April, I will be fully immersed in anime.
I have wanted to buy this set of books for a long time, but I was hesitant because I always have a tight budget and didn't want to spend too much. Then, when I wanted to buy them, I found that there were a lot of fake products on TB. Recently, another version was released, and I really like the cover. However, I still plan to buy the older version first. So, I checked it out on Amazon and bought a set at once.
Next, let me briefly talk about the goods.
● The fourth book does not have a plastic wrap, but the book is new.
● The seventeenth book in the plastic wrap was sealed but was opened, and the quality of the book felt strange and lacked hardness.
● The 23rd and 17th volumes are the same, but they are harder than the 17th volume, but very old.
● The publishers of some books seem to be different, such as the 23rd and 17th, which seem to be the same publisher, and the others are different.
Overall, I am satisfied. It is a large box of 24 books, which is very satisfying.
The lonely little lion
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as Lost in Translation, but there's still a lot of text!
I read it three times before I could finish reading this book to the little ones. It's about a little lion who can shoot a gun and loves to eat juice and candy.
When I saw the scene where the lion ate the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern city people find it hard to accept such an arrangement where they are eaten by animals.
In the end, this little lion, which has succeeded in human society, has lost itself. It is no longer a complete lion or a complete human.
Finally, only the back of the little lion is visible, and it is not clear where he has gone.
Years later, the image of this little lion may still remain in the memories of the grown-up children, and be recalled by them on an unremarkable day, perhaps touching or inspiring them.
A collection of works with a high cost-effectiveness
1. I didn't know about TASCHEN before, but I recently bought a lot of their books because they are so powerful, both in terms of their choices and their production.
This work has been released in three versions. The largest version is about the same size as the Michelangelo Buonarroti Complete Works, measuring nearly 50 cm long and 34 cm wide. The middle version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide. This version is the smallest, and it comes with a book box containing two volumes.
I personally think it is still acceptable. Firstly, the price is cheap, and the 700-page book is divided into two volumes, which is convenient to read; secondly, it is different from the complete works of Michelangelo, where the paintings are the main focus. In this book, the majority of the pages are black and white manuscripts by Da Vinci, which is the best value for money for readers with limited budgets and who are not majoring in art.
2. The explanations for the painting section are great, with analysis of composition, draft analysis, and historical context (such as the last supper), but I'm not sure if it's a printing or book size issue, some parts of the shadows are too deep, making it difficult to see the details, which is a bit regrettable.
3. Compared to Michelangelo's manuscripts, Da Vinci's manuscripts are much more extensive.
The former is already a genius, and the latter is so broad in its pursuits and so high in its achievements that it cannot be described as a genius.
If Da Vinci, who could only appreciate half of his paintings before, is completely speechless after seeing his manuscripts.
Garbage, whoever buys it regrets it!
I never give bad reviews, this is really garbage, I wasted money buying it, what a shame! Give me a reason!
1. Do not leave on time, suddenly it becomes January 1, and time is reset.
2. The poor quality straps are not made of silicone, and they cause allergic reactions and bumps on the wrists.
3. I can't always get my phone to connect.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. Sleep detection is not displayed, and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Other.
Logistics is too slow
It showed that it was delivered on October 16th, but I only received it on the 21st, and it was a bad review!
The delivery is too bad, buying things on Amazon is already slow, I didn't expect it to be this slow!
Overall satisfied
I was worried about the camera's packaging at first, but this time it was fine, there was an inflatable bag inside, the camera was consistent with the three codes, and I could also register it on the official website, the shutter speed was 0, and the rest could only be tested over time.
The speed of delivery is also quite fast. Here, I want to complain about the delivery guy. Valuable items are placed in the porch, and he walks away quickly. I can't open the package to inspect it in front of him, which is really incomprehensible.
The merchant has thought about the customer before shipping the goods:)
The merchants are quite responsible, and they specifically call to ask about the screen size of the camera being used, which really shows that they are thinking about their customers.
The shipping speed is also fast.
It is also quite suitable and useful to apply diamond film.
Battery not fully charged
The machine is indeed good, I want to ask how come it can't be fully charged the first time I charge it? The charging indicator light is always red
Currently, there is no official feedback channel for Amazon, so feedback can only be left in product reviews.
On March 29, the book was purchased for 31 yuan through pre-ordering, indicating that it will be pushed to devices on March 31. At this time, the book could not be previewed on the Amazon official website (because it had not yet been published);
On March 31, a book was pushed to the device, with blank content and only a request to wait, while the electronic version of the book was reduced to 18 yuan on Amazon;
I have been trying to delete the blank book that was downloaded on my device and synchronize it again for the past two days, but I am still unable to obtain the electronic version of "The Essence of Business" that contains actual content. However, I can preview the book on the Amazon official website.
I have a few thoughts at the moment
1. The issue of price is not the most important one. The key is how to replace the blank books on your Kindle with books with actual content, rather than always downloading books that say “please wait”
2. Books that have been pre-ordered will not be purchased later, because if you skip the line, it will be very complicated to download a book with empty content;
3. I hope Amazon provides a normal channel for feedback on such issues, so that when there are doubts about downloading or using e-books, there is a place to report them (you can refer to how Microsoft's official store does it).
Not really recommended for reading
I read it a long time ago, and I just happened to see that you wrote a review of it based on your memory.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of fragments from life about love.
The tone of the book is extremely plain, like plain water, with simple and concise wording and phrasing, and the plot is as calm and plain as a summer afternoon street, with no noise or excitement.
Each short story is a snapshot of a small period of ordinary life, without a beginning or an end.
They were finally collected together and given the title "When We Talk About Love, What Are We Talking About?"
I think this collection of short stories, and its title, are like a form of performance art. The author wants to express that love is not just the ups and downs of love on stage, nor is it the urban legend of a love that has withered away. Love is not just about being close to someone, nor should it be represented by the above. Love is also the mundane and ordinary life, the monotony of day after day, and the lack of direction in life. It is the escape from reality and the uncertainty of the future.
When you read this book, you may remember the quarreling couple next to you, the boring marriages of people you know, and the unfulfilling relationships.
This is precisely why I do not recommend reading it. From an aesthetic perspective, the writing and plot of the book are bland and uninteresting, unless your life is full of turmoil or you live in a world of sweetness and light. Otherwise, your reading experience will be one of indifference and boredom.
In terms of depth of thought, the daily scenarios do not make a big impression or expand one's thoughts and vision (this is different from Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera), and the brief segments do not explore any issues, such as what kind of mistakes led to the failure of love?
What are the sources of the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book, whether you read it or not doesn't really matter.
The author's ideas are expressed more through techniques and forms than through the plot of the story, which is also why the reading experience of this book is not very good.
It is suitable for casual reading and cannot be read in detail.
The logic of the book is good, but the content is not rich enough.
It explained what sales theory is and why, but was weak in terms of how to do it, only pointing out the direction but not providing specific practices.
In addition, this book feels like it was put together.
The examples include both domestic and foreign ones; they include both well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople and people who are not well-known.
I don't know if it's a story compiled as an example, and if some cases experienced by the authors would be more convincing.
The terms "customer" and "client" are used interchangeably.
The title is still the customer, but in the main text it becomes the customer.
There were also problems with typos, missing punctuation marks, and incorrect numbering in the e-book.
In short, this book is a good choice as an introduction to theory, but it is not suitable for people who are already involved in sales and want to improve their sales skills.
A quick introduction to the reading list on Internet finance
This book is shallow and can be considered an introduction. It can help you quickly understand the overall picture of Internet finance, but if you want to understand it in depth, you still need to study it carefully and dig deeper on your own.
It was published earlier, and the later WeChat and Alipay subsidy war to cultivate user habits has not been mentioned. Nowadays, the market share of third-party payments is probably not as small as it was in the book.
Nowadays, many people go out to eat and just bring their phones with them. Merchants have also abandoned UnionPay because the bank's transaction volume is too high.
However, I am very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It is clear that the author has at least several years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the financial development history of both China and abroad. This is why the content is so easy to understand.
It's easy to write something high-sounding, but the difficult part is to write something that is easy to understand.
I appreciate you, and I want you to know it!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the salary, but whether they are given enough attention and appreciation in their work.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs theory, after a person's basic survival needs are met, the most urgent need is the satisfaction of psychological needs - the desire to be understood, affirmed, and appreciated.
Indeed, for most Chinese people, it is “hard to express your love with your mouth”, even if they have love, gratitude, and appreciation, they will keep it to themselves and not express it.
In this book, the author discusses five languages of appreciation: affirming words, thoughtful gestures, acts of service, heartfelt gifts, and physical touch.
I don't think it's important to know what the five languages of appreciation are, but rather to be able to use them spontaneously and from the heart to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, whether they are family members, friends, or colleagues.
In fact, the closer the relationship, the more we need to appreciate and be grateful to each other, so that our lives can become more beautiful.
Learning to appreciate people can help companies retain talent to some extent and reduce the rate of resignations.
Thank you to the translators for bringing us the wonderful thoughts and worlds from abroad.
Due to differences in cultural backgrounds between East and West, there will be some differences between languages, and if you have the opportunity to see the original version, you will gain more.
Thank you again to the authors, translators, and editors for their hard work!
Suspected counterfeit products, please have Amazon strictly review them
The quality is terrible, the packaging is flimsy, it has no weight, and it is even worse than the products sold at roadside stalls. It has no weight, no barcode, and the ten-pack is also flimsy and falling apart. This is not the characteristic of a qualified product; it is Amazon's worst shopping experience, and I have applied for a refund; it is completely a quality problem; I recommend that the merchant wake up and refuse to sell poor-quality products; supplement: I also bought Heart Signature, which costs 23 yuan/10 sheets at the supermarket. I added a few comparison photos, which further confirmed the inferiority of this product. In order to provide consumers with a clearer reference, avoid economic losses, and avoid further dissatisfaction, I am sharing this experience!
Once again, we hope that Amazon can be meticulous and strict in controlling the source of its products.
The products of Mama Turtle are not up to expectations
Advantages:
1. Big brands, cheap prices.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are both guaranteed by PANASONIC, and they are also OK to use, but they fall short of my expectations.
Disadvantages:
1. The charging cable does not have a indicator light, which means you don't even have a power indicator. I guess customers who buy products for 300 yuan are considered a waste and have no respect in the eyes of Panasonic.
2. Strong odor. Even when charging for just 10 minutes, you can smell the strong odor of plastic burning.
The office tried it out for a day, and the whole place smelled like plastic.
Compared to the Philips PHILIPS I used before, although it has more blades, the Samsung product is really not up to par in terms of quality.
Small packaging
When I received the express delivery, I saw that it was labeled as the e-commerce version, so I knew I had been scammed again. It was smaller than the one I bought at the supermarket, and it should be an M. The packaging was different from the picture on the product description, so it must be the new version.
The three stars are blaming themselves for not paying attention to the specifications of the product. If you sell me a M-size e-commerce version, I have no objections, but what do you mean by "the wrong version"?
E-commerce tricks are deep, so I still go to the supermarket when I have time.
It's just purple sauce.
I don't like the taste
The child doesn't like the taste of toothpaste, always saying it's spicy. Maybe using a different word would be more appropriate. For now, that's the only word in the child's vocabulary.
I bought it when I was organizing the event, so I feel bad about giving it a bad review. It's a four-star product, but I won't be buying it again.
It's authentic and well packaged.
The packaging is complete, with an inflatable bag inside, and there are no online reviews except for a product that looks like a bald head.
The plastic film on the outside of the bottle is just like the one described in the picture, and the delivery was very fast, arriving the next day.
It is genuine, but there is no stock, and I don't know when it will be restocked.
A terrible shopping experience
I placed an order on Black Friday, but the package took a long time to arrive. When I checked, I found out that the package had been signed for a long time ago. I asked my colleagues, but they said they didn't sign for it. I immediately contacted the courier company, but they said they could only initiate an inquiry after the package was sent. I contacted Amazon customer service, and I had to wait for more than ten days. Finally, I found out that the courier was mistakenly delivered to someone else. After several rounds of transfers, I finally picked up the courier. The outer package had been opened, but the goods were still intact. I don't know if they had been used or not. In short, it was a very frustrating experience.
Incorrect caption
I thought I would receive headphones like Picture 1, but I received headphones like Picture 2 instead. It doesn't matter that the pictures are inconsistent, but what does it mean that the left and right sides of the headphones have different volumes?
Although the names are all the same, we still hope that everyone can pay attention and replace the correct images in a timely manner. We are also grateful to the responsible person at Amazon.
The operating system is generally good
After using it for a while, the overall picture is still okay, and I don't feel any difference. However, this system is confusing to use, the boot time is noticeably slow, and it's difficult to make good settings. The software that comes with it doesn't even need to be commented on, as its response speed is even worse than that of my colleague's.
The comments say that the design is very human-centric, but I couldn't find any human-centric design. The location of the remote control's commonly used up, down, left, and right buttons, as well as the return button, is simply not commendable.
So, you can be a TV, plus a TV box and so on.
The price reduction is too severe
The price drop is too severe, from over 100 to just 99 now!
I had a lot of unreviewed orders on Amazon, so I used a copy of a message as the review content.
If I were to rate this product based on this statement, it would score at least 85 points.
For poor products, I definitely won't be lazy to copy and paste reviews, so other consumers can use them as a reference when buying, and merchants can improve the quality of their products as a result.
A good line at a low price is enough!
This is such an affordable cable, but it should meet the HDMI certification standards. I compared it with the crap products from Akihabara in China (the prices are twice as high), and the cable is thick and soft, with no noise during transmission over 7 meters. From now on, I will trust Baisi for low-priced cables!
It's okay for the East and West, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites
After placing the order, I found that I made a mistake, but I can't cancel the order. The webpage for contacting online customer service always shows an incorrect link, and I can't contact them.
After the delivery person called me, I said I didn't want it, and I couldn't cancel the order. The delivery person took it back, saying they needed to sign for it first, and then I could apply for a refund.
When applying for a refund, they informed me that food items cannot be returned once they are signed for, and I couldn't call Amazon customer service, which said the same thing: they cannot be returned once they are signed for.
I have bought items that cannot be returned due to policy at JD and Sunning, including milk and diapers, and I have contacted customer service to return them. JD's diapers smell too strong when opened, but I still contacted customer service to return them. This is not possible at Amazon.
The rules are dead, people are alive. Contact your customer service, how should we handle it?
Tell me whether I should buy it myself or have the delivery person buy it, because it's not easy for the delivery person already. Why should I make the delivery person spend money to buy something that I didn't buy myself?
Okay, I won't back out either. I'll take it myself, but I have to give your service a 10
I urge everyone not to waste money.
First, I was full of anticipation when I bought it, thinking that the Dali brand wouldn't be bad, and when I received it, I thought it looked okay. The size was not bad, but almost all of the boxes were soft, which couldn't be seen from the outside. You had to touch it to feel it, and when I put it in my mouth, there was no taste at all, it was bland and tasteless. When I bit into it, the flesh was a dark yellow color, which meant it was bad. They were selling it as good and bad, and only about a third of it was edible. I advise you not to buy it, it's not cheap and the quality is too bad!
After being scammed once, I will never buy fruits from e-commerce again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting mark on the product
The corner of the bottle is deeply depressed, which must have been caused by a strong impact. Judging from the outer packaging bag, the degree of damage is heart-wrenching. After all, the packaging of food products is too simple, and it is also from International Purchase. There are no obvious anti-counterfeiting marks, and it is very easy to open the bottle. The most important thing is that the honey directly comes out from the inside of the lid, and there is almost no adhesion. Is this the case with foreign products?
I, who was born in China, don't quite understand it.
It must be the real thing, right?
There is also a message saying it will be delivered on the 21st, which I received on the 14th. This is my first time buying overseas here, and I just wrote down my doubts. Maybe this is all normal?
The pick-up service needs to be improved
I bought a total of 5 vouchers, and when I went to pick them up, I made a reservation for 3 vouchers at first, but only 2 were sent to me. After communicating with them several times, they confirmed that 2 vouchers were missed and promised to send them later; for the second reservation, it just happened to be a holiday, and neither the website nor WeChat reminded me to make a reservation on a weekday, causing unnecessary panic. It is recommended that this be improved in the future.
Nice shopping
The reviews are good!
I still trust Amazon's self-produced products more. Now, buying from overseas is very convenient. It takes a few more days to ship goods back from overseas than it does domestically. I have to say that Amazon's clearance ability from overseas to China is very strong. It is much faster than shipping from one place to another. That's why many people now buy things from overseas.
I hope the quality and price of domestic goods can be better. Many things are made in China, but it is cheaper to buy them abroad and bring them back than to buy them domestically. I hope this can be improved.
Garbage
When you see a package like this, I ask you: do you think it looks like trash on the side of the road?
A plastic packaging that is easily broken is sent from so-called Germany in a plastic bag. Is this kind of packaging responsible?
I think this kind of packaging is just like garbage packaging. Buying this product, the packaging is very simple and there are no measures to prevent damage. It is just a simple plastic bag packaging. After I received it, the package was completely deformed, and the items inside were also damaged.
If I just ran into one like this, I would buy a few of them, and then contact Amazon customer service. The customer service person would say that I could return them, but I would have to pay for the shipping, and then the shipping would be returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I asked if I paid the shipping fee with cash, you would give me a gift card, which is to say it outright if I were to buy your gift card myself, and I would also have to ship the product to your warehouse in Germany, which is like buying a product and being punished!
I have been telling customer service that it is their responsibility to deal with this kind of problem, but they won't even admit that it is their responsibility. They are not even willing to take responsibility for a single word. What kind of after-sales service is this? One word: screwed! But I guess Amazon won't even give me the chance to publish this review. They will just delete it directly!
Quality is very good, 5 stars, but logistics is very poor
1. The quality is very good, it's a bargain, the price is reasonable, and it's worth the money.
2. It is solid, has enough material, the welding points are firm, the surface treatment is appropriate, and the color is good.
3. Logistics is a hard problem, the order for number 3 arrived on number 11.
4. If Amazon had not marked the expected arrival time as February 7, I might have been satisfied.
5. However, if the expected arrival time is marked, it is equivalent to making a commitment to the user. When the commitment cannot be fulfilled, it is difficult for the user to accept.
6. If you are not sure you can keep your promise, please do not make a promise.
7，实际上，我非常在意商家做出的承诺。
8，所以，我打了低分。
The gold wire will turn black.
The effect is still there, but whether it is noticeable depends on the individual, or on the psychological effect.
One thing that's not so good is the gold wire. Originally, it was designed to look good, but in fact, this gold wire will fade, and if you touch it a few times, you will find some gold powder on your hands and on the car.
I hope the product can be improved.
This rectangular one also doesn't have any decorative effect, so don't bother with gold wire, it will just get dirty on the car when it falls off.
The goods are in good condition, the speed is okay, and the two packages are packaged differently.
The speed is quite fast in 8 days, but there are two packages, and the packaging is different. It is obviously over-packaged, with thick cardboard and layers of plastic, and the outer packaging is easy to tear open, like a domestic courier box. It seems to have just a few airbags, and it feels a bit sloppy.
Yarran mattresses are really good
The pillow of 34CM is not as thick as usual, you can sleep on the bed directly without the pillow.
The quality is very good, both the front and back are soft, sleeping on it is very comfortable, I fell asleep quickly.
After receiving the pillow, it had some stains due to violent transportation by express delivery. The customer service at Yarran was responsible and efficient in resolving the problem.
Not a self-owned product, Amazon is shameless
The page clearly indicates self-sale, but is actually delivered by the supplier, with after-sales service provided by the supplier. If there is a problem, customers should contact the supplier directly.
If you want to cancel the order, I'm sorry, the order information has been transmitted to the supplier and cannot be canceled; if you want to return or exchange the goods, you have successfully applied for a return or exchange on Amazon, but I'm sorry, no one can help you, and you need to contact the supplier directly to return the goods.
This is a self-produced product of Nima.
The goods are not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon does not bear any responsibility for after-sales service. The customer service even said, “I will contact the supplier for you,” and claimed that it was self-owned, which is too shameless. It is blatant fraud against consumers!
The experience of being bored
The filter cartridges I bought from other websites before worked well, and even if I used them for a few more days after 28 days, there would still be no limescale.
Because the quality of the things I have purchased on Amazon has always been good, this time I wanted to buy them here. This is the first time I have bought a filter on Amazon, and I feel that it is not very good. Not only did it start to have water stains early on, but the filter also always had suspended black carbon powder by the 28th day. I don't know whether to continue using it or just throw it away. It is very frustrating~
Not as good as imagined
Compared to the plug-in boards I have used before, the workmanship is average on the outside, and I hope that the inside is as described by the store if it has not been opened, but in terms of convenience of use, whether each independent unit is electrified is lacking
The packaging is damaged, so we will have to wait to test the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is severely damaged, and the packaging box inside seems to be new, but the manual does not seem to be new. The house was renovated in September, and we are stockpiling items. I hope it will not be bad when it arrives. Please explain why several customers have mentioned that the packaging is damaged, but you have not been affected. Thank you!
Overall, it's not bad, but there are some minor problems.
When I bought a water filter for the first time, I read a few reviews and felt that LAICA had a good balance of price and quality, so I chose it. When I received the product and installed the filter according to the instructions, I tried it out and found that it was generally good, but when I poured water, it seemed that the original water mixed with the filtered water from the spout (the seal of the original water tank was not very tight).
When using it, make sure to wait until all the water is filtered out before pouring it out!
The picture is incomplete
The picture does not show the details of the side, and the details of the side do not match the style of the main body, with a big difference; this is one; this bead is made in Thailand, but there is no indication of the place of origin; there is no indication of the quality; when I bought it in the UK, each item came in a box, but here there is just a simple plastic bag, and there is no product mark on the bead. How can I tell if it is real or fake?
Be careful when buying, especially if you are buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service is terrible
I placed an order two days ago and found that it was reduced by 40 yuan when I received it today. I spent a lot of time looking for customer service, and the customer service said that they couldn't refund the difference, but I could place a new order and return the item.
This customer experience and service is really different from that of Taobao and Taodong.
It's okay, it's worth trying for beginners
It's worth the price, and it's not inferior to the top-quality diamond. I saw the price at the mall before, and it was several hundred yuan. This is the first time I've played with a diamond, and it's okay.
It's good.
The service is really good, and I sent it to my girlfriend. However, I was a bit unhappy when the courier in Canada didn't deliver it during lunchtime. The logistics company directly stored the package in the post office and didn't send me a confirmation message to pick it up. I had to run two times.
However, the baby is really good.
Worth buying
The little monkey is cute, and the discounts on Amazon are really big. Zhoushengsheng's official website directly ships the products, I placed an order last night and received it this afternoon, which is really fast.
The postal and courier workers are also very responsible.
Bravo!
A customer's confession
1. When you receive such defective products, Amazon customer service tells you not to worry, we will contact you within 54 hours.
2 Then contact the customer service staff in the middle, and they will tell you that this issue will be handled by a specialist, who will inform you of the result.
You can never reach this commissioner on your own initiative, you don't know her work number, there is no direct dial phone number, and you can't reach her, only she can reach you.
Tragically, I waited nearly three days, and the commissioner contacted me. I left my phone for a while, and I didn't receive the commissioner's call.
I waited for two hours for the commissioner's call, but it never came. In the meantime, I proactively contacted Amazon customer service and emailed them to ask them to call me back.
It's been almost three days, and I still don't know what Amazon will do about the defective coffee machine I received!
There is no problem with the products of Amazon in the United States, and shopping overseas is a good way, but the service of Meiya is far inferior.
6 For me, I can only continue to wait...
The ground is uneven
Because the reviews said it was good, I was really looking forward to this pot, and I liked it a lot when I got it. It was lightweight, but when I tried to use it, I found that the bottom of the pot was not flat, but rather protruded in the middle and sank around the edges. The oil ran to the edges, and the special pork chops I had bought to cook in the pot couldn't cover the central area. This was a mess. I couldn't even use the pot to cook. I guess this kind of structure is not suitable for cooking normally.
I don't know if it's just bad luck, but I just got a pot that is not flat, and fortunately, Amazon provides a month's return service, so I decided to return it.
I cleaned the pot thoroughly and put it away, having been busy for half a day.
Good product design needs matching manufacturing processes to achieve it
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The shape of the cube is designed with a slight arch at the top.
It should have been a very smooth line.
Unfortunately, the final result was not achieved.
Because there are two parts at the top, the front is the control panel and the back is the water tank cover.
The arc of the top cover and the arc of the control panel are not consistent, resulting in a difference of up to 2 mm after assembly.
Although it may seem like a small gap.
But it can be said that it destroys the entire design aesthetic.
I feel a little sorry for the product designer.
It seems that the product managers at Meitu are not yet capable of creating products of this standard.
(Of course, we cannot expect too much feedback from the after-sales lady, but when I heard her say that all the individual units of this product are like this, and it's not just the one I bought that has a problem, her disbelief and sincere attitude made me realize that we cannot expect too much from beauty products either.) 2019-7-7 The pump has a malfunction and the water flow is low. It has been repaired for the second time, and it broke again two weeks after the first repair.
It's a good deal after the discount, but the Amazon fake discount is heartbreaking
Buy it one week after your baby is born, and it is extremely heat-insulating.
The outside of the pot does not feel any heat, so it can effectively protect the temperature from dissipating even if it is accidentally touched by a person.
The air conditioning in the room can still maintain a high temperature after a whole night.
Amazon said there were 320 great deals for its anniversary event, but later found that everyone had them for 249,289,299 yuan. I suddenly felt cheated, but when I went to the supermarket, I found that it was still cheaper than various knockoff brands at the same price. In the future, I can take it with me when I go out.
Vitamix 6300
I have been waiting for a long time, and I saw that Meiya 6300 was on sale, and that Caiya Overseas Purchase was the same price. I quickly took advantage of it.
I placed an order on September 2nd, and it was expected to arrive on the 21st. However, it arrived on the 12th, which was about 10 days earlier than expected. The speed is really fast!
The packaging is small, and it comes directly from the original packaging of Vitamix. Amazon doesn't mind if it gets damaged during shipping across the ocean!
The machine looks new and comes with all the accessories, but the cup on the base is so unstable that I'm afraid it will fly out when I turn it on!
I asked a friend who has 5200, and it seems that his is not as loose as mine.
The accompanying recipe book is all in English, which is quite tiring to read, and I couldn't find a Chinese version online, which is a pain!
After receiving the goods, I immediately bought a transformer, and it should arrive in three days. By then, I'll have time to mess around with it!
It's too small, has no umbrella cover, and the material is average.
It's not even a large size!
The second Totes: 1. This one doesn't have a canopy 2. The material of the handle is generally good 3. It says Large, but it's actually a convenient umbrella for one person, and two people probably won't be able to use it.
On the contrary, the one I bought from Meiya can be used by three people without any pressure.
I don't feel very well
First of all, the box is not very sturdy and deforms when you press on it; secondly, the design on the back does not prevent the ABS scratches on the box from appearing when it is placed flat; thirdly, the box is just a piece of cloth wrapped around a handle, which is exposed; and so on, there are all kinds of complaints. Finally, the latch is a bit difficult to use.
PS: The wheels do feel pretty good
It can also be used to:
Pros: This double-shoulder bag is quite refined and looks durable.
Cons: The QR code on the card cannot be scanned (what are you doing?), the 15.6-inch laptop cannot be put in (can it be made a little longer?), the double-shoulder bag has a locking mechanism, but no lock is provided for the buyer, which cannot be said to be customer-centric.
Overall it's okay, I don't know if it's real leather
The overall feeling is okay, but I don't know if it's real leather, so I can't give a blind evaluation.
It can hold A4-sized documents, and has held 80-page thick objects, but it is unlikely to hold box-shaped objects that are too thick or hard (non-deformable).
The package is soft, and the inner bag is divided in a more humanized way, which is quite good.
The bottom I received has a small sand pit, I don't know if it's because my character is not good or not?
I don't want to bother exchanging it back and forth, so I'll just put up with it.
Overall, it's worth four stars.
ForRoyal, popular all over the world, camera straps, single-lens camera straps
This strap is designed to be scientific, hanging on both shoulders, practical, and the camera is fixed and protected in the front with soft materials, unlike other quick-shooters that use screws to fix the camera to the bottom and are inconvenient to take off.
Garbage after-sales service
I bought a guitar a month and a half ago, and it's missing a part. After notifying Amazon, they gave me a customer service phone number. After multiple communications, the part has still not arrived. What kind of efficiency is this!
It is estimated that after the warranty period, repairs will be more troublesome. Friends who value good after-sales service can take a detour, it's too troublesome!
It has minor flaws, but the sound is good
The head of the guitar has a defect, missing one corner, and feels like a second-rate product, without any gifts, but this price is already good, and the sound of the guitar is also good.
It's okay, the first bill
I've been using it for a long time, and it's generally good except that the bass doesn't come out.
The workmanship is not as perfect as I imagined.
The first time I bought it, there was a problem with the product, and all the lights were flashing and couldn't be used.
I asked for a replacement, but the goods have been in Shanghai for three days now and still haven't been delivered.
I also tried calling the delivery person, but they didn't answer.
The courier company said that they only have that contact information.
Amazon can't find a place to complain.
I have not made any requests, and in the case of delayed delivery, I received a message saying that delivery has been delayed for no apparent reason at my request.
Then they talked about the issue of transit.
The terrible shopping experience has made me start to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics and control systems.
I estimate that I won't get it today either.
The adhesive is too weak and not waterproof
Although Bluetooth connection is convenient, the content printed on it is not waterproof and the surface does not have a protective film; the adhesive strength of the labels is poor, and they are not suitable for use on cable labels at all; they are very easy to fall off, so friends who buy them to organize cables need to pay attention to this.
The pen is okay, but the package is too simple, just a paper box, with no protection measures, and the box that holds the pen is glued shut with a large piece of transparent tape, and the tape is still stuck to the box.
Treating something that costs 600 yuan like this is very disappointing.
However, the pen is not a problem.
Hope to see more improvements in the packaging in the future!
In terms of quality, if we talk about writing, 925-25 is better than it
First, let me praise TNT Express. Their air freight is super fast, and their service attitude is also very good!
I have been using 925-25 and it is great. I just received 925-85 and the quality of the pen is excellent. The style is also very beautiful. I gave it four stars because the pen is a bit heavy and not suitable for fast writing. There is some wobbling when adjusting the lead length on the pen cap. Personal opinion: 925-25 is more comfortable to use than 85.
Therefore, he became an Amazon loyalist
I bought it at a super discounted price, but my child doesn't like it.
It has been opened, so I tried to apply for a refund, and they even come to my doorstep to pick it up for free.
It's amazing.
We do not advocate returns, but this service is unique to us in China.
I hope it will not be abused.
I bought all the books after that in this place.
The headphones have a distortion and there is noise
These headphones are really trash. I don't know if it's my ears that are the problem, or if these headphones are just not as good as they used to be.
I bought a blue one on JD two years ago, and the sound quality was good with no noise and good bass. I've been using it for more than two years and it has broken down, so I plan to buy another one (urbeats). After all, I still think it's good.
I saw a purple one that looked nice, but when I opened it today, I felt something was wrong. The sound was both loud and soft at the same time.
At first, I thought it was because of the sound effects of the song, but after listening for half a day, I found that the problem was serious. Not only was the sound distorted, but the bass sound was not as good as before, and there were some noise interference. Is this only happening to the purple one I bought? Or is the current earphone manufacturing technology really not up to par?
A very poor review, I am very disappointed.
I definitely have to return it tomorrow.
PS looks good
This AV amplifier is complex to set up, has rough workmanship, and generates a lot of heat.
Wait a while before commenting on the sound!
I just got the German version of the DN1080 on August 14th. It looks like the workmanship is poor.
1. The front panel and the knobs are all made of plastic.
2. The audio input jack on the back panel and the speaker output terminals are good or bad, and any 1000-2000 CD amplifier with built-in speakers would be much better than this one.
3. The lid is quite thin, and it has sunk in at my transformer, so I had to open the box and use my hands to restore it, causing the lid and front panel to become loose.
4. The entire machine is tilted towards the transformer end, making it difficult to move.
It feels like a Sony entry-level machine, just in terms of workmanship, made in Malaysia.
It feels like Sony is better at outsourcing to China than Little Horse.
5. The machine is very hot, and when watching a movie with two channels for about two hours, the top cover can be touched with the hand and feels about 40-50°C. I don't know if the transformer is too big and generates a lot of heat.
Nowadays, there are multi-purpose switch power supplies, and this idiotic transformer probably weighs 4 kg.
Sony should use a passive heat dissipation fan inside the machine, but after opening the box, I only see large aluminum heat dissipation plates on the pipes.
Little Guo
FANDUN JEEP Apparel Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise that integrates research and development, design, production, and marketing and trading. It mainly produces men's outdoor leisure clothing and is a young enterprise that is booming.
FANDUN JEEP clothing emphasizes the effective integration of modern information technology and traditional industries, introducing advanced international production equipment, process design, and management technology to build a first-class clothing production line in China.
Maintain excellence in production and services, quality and brand, efficiency and public welfare.
In terms of information technology construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of product flow, logistics, and information flow in enterprises, strengthening and improving the comprehensive management capabilities of enterprises. Overall, the modern management level of enterprises has been improved.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of “integrity, harmony, quality, excellence”, and its products are well received by a wide range of customers in the domestic market.
Vantong Jip clothing is confident because it is young!
We sincerely welcome businessmen from home and abroad to come and cooperate to create brilliance together!
Corporate spirit: proactive and innovative, service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication, corporate mission: leading the trend, establishing a brand.
I haven't taken it apart yet.
The battery is in use.
I really want to dissect it and see what's inside its belly.
Later, I thought, if I am disappointed after taking it apart, it will be a waste of money; if I am satisfied after taking it apart, it will be difficult to put it back together, and I won't like it.
Never mind, even if Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed explanation of the electricity, most people will feel uncomfortable when they hear it.
I'm okay. I used to work in a cell phone factory for a long time, so I'm half a battery engineer, and I can handle it. Except for not understanding circuits, that is.
Surprised and delighted
I really had no idea what I was buying until I opened the package and it felt so right!
Finally, when I touched the headphone wire, I felt it was particularly flexible, and the quality was so good that I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and open QQ Music.
I was amazed, the sound quality was even 3D surround!
I asked at a physical communication store, and it was around 30 yuan, but it was not a Pengxing brand, but a generic brand. Therefore, although this Pengxing model is only 27 yuan, it is definitely worth having because of its excellent value for money!
The worst online shopping experience
After placing an order on September 28th, the system showed that the order had been shipped, but the package was still not delivered by October 12th.
I checked the status of my Amazon order, but the seller did not provide a tracking number, so I couldn't find out where the order was.
So I sent an email to the seller asking if they could provide the express delivery number, but I didn't get a response for two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service, and the customer service representative gave me the seller's phone number. I called the seller again, and after a few attempts, the call went through. I was told that the package had been lost, and I could immediately have a new one sent to me.
Although I was particularly angry, I didn't say much to the seller because the computer was in urgent need of it, so I just asked them to send it to me right away.
The next day, I called to ask if the shipment had been sent.
The seller said it hasn't arrived yet, and it won't be sent until this afternoon.
I called again this afternoon and the seller said it would definitely be sent, and that it would be shipped after 5 or 6 pm. However, when I called later that night at 7 pm, the phone just rang and no one answered.
On the third day morning, I called again and asked if the goods had been sent out.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it hasn't been sent yet, and told me to order from another store if I'm in a hurry, or to wait until this afternoon if I can wait.
There's no way, I'll have to wait a long time to place an order from someone else.
We can only rely on the seller to send the goods quickly.
After countless phone follow-ups, I finally received my computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know because it was bought for someone else, so I'll add a review later.
I bought it six months ago and haven't used it much, but now it's malfunctioning. Can you fix it?
Because there is a desktop computer, I haven't used it much since I bought it.
Just bring it with you when you go on a business trip and use it a few times.
When the power is connected recently, it does not charge. You need to support the charger and the connection with your left and right hands a few times to charge it.
I suspect that the interface is not properly connected, and I don't know if it can be repaired now?
It is strongly recommended that Amazon stop using EMS!
The product is five stars, the logistics is one star, and the average is three stars.
I don't understand why Amazon would send EMS, which is not trustworthy in the industry. Well, computers are valuable items after all!
After placing the order, the estimated delivery date was 20th, so my family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send a package from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
The logistics company arrived in Fuzhou on the morning of the 22nd, and I was ready to receive the package with a smile. However, that night, I didn't receive any phone calls or messages. When I checked the logistics company, I found that it had been signed for at noon, and it even showed that I had signed for it myself!
I was shocked at that moment!
Who am I? Where am I? Is this computer really mine?
I seriously doubt if life is worth living!
I finally picked up the computer from the drop-off point.
The specific reason is simple: it was because the delivery guy mixed up the two order numbers, but luckily the package wasn't lost, so it's all good.
I strongly recommend that Amazon does not use EMS anymore. If Amazon uses EMS for its express delivery in the future, I will definitely not buy from them again.
The goods are not bad
First of all, I bought it a few days ago and found that it was on sale, with negative reviews. The price was not bad, and the cost-effectiveness was high. The CPU and graphics card were sufficient for mainstream online games and a considerable number of large single-player games. The heat dissipation was very good, but the screen was a bit dim (a common problem with IPS screens), the sound quality was not very good, and the hard drive was not very good (it is recommended to spend some money and get a solid-state drive). I took the computer to the after-sales service center for hardware testing yesterday, and there were no problems. The built-in Windows 8.1 was not very user-friendly, so I recommend upgrading to 10. The seller was very fast in shipping, and the seller responded to my inquiries very quickly. The invoice arrived the day after I received the computer. It was good, but it was a pity that there were no gifts.
(By the way, when buying keyboard stickers, don't go to a store called E Cool Digital Center on Taobao. They are slow to ship, the quality is poor, they don't refund or exchange products if there are problems, the boss swears a lot, and I'm particularly exposing them.)
The east and west are good, but the platform is still bureaucratic
The hard drive quality is very good, the cost-effectiveness is absolutely high, it is cheaper than buying in Hong Kong, and I definitely recommend purchasing if you are not in a hurry to use it and can tolerate the shipping.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy on the Amazon platform has not improved at all since I vowed to never use it a few years ago. You can never find out the actual logistics status, information is always delivered a few weeks later, you can never complain, this is just bureaucracy!
The goods have been received a few days ago, but the logistics information says you will receive the goods in about 10 days!
Logistics is not selfish
It came like this, not only is the packaging crushed, but the electrical packaging is also open, and I don't know if the contents have been tampered with.
FYI
I haven't tried it yet, but I always trust Philips, and I hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
I searched online and found that it is a common problem with water damage, and there is no warranty.
I'm so bored!
Now wrap it in plastic wrap and continue to use it, but how long can it last?
Buy someone else's opened one
It is indeed quite high to pay more than 100 taxes for a machine that costs more than 300. I feel more balanced now that I have more than 600.
When I received it, the sealing tape looked very strange, like it had been opened, so I took a photo right away. Sure enough, it opened right away when I tore it. When I opened it, the paperboard inside was damaged. I was worried that it was returned by someone else, so I tried it out on my husband right away before the anniversary. Unfortunately, the machine didn't turn on at all. Fortunately, there was no debris in the blade, or I would have had to return it from a long distance!
It is not known whether it is easy to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term, as the previous reviews indicate, and the things that are sent out when there is a shortage are definitely not reliable!
The experience is slightly above average.
It's pretty much top-of-the-line electric, with a lot of different brushing modes, but few people change modes every day.
I used it for half a year without any problems, brushing it every day, and I washed it once every week or so.
Brush heads and accessories are also cheaper on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use, other than changing the colors. Are the other seemingly compatible issues due to the overseas version?
Those who want to learn the law.
The cost-effectiveness is very high
I have used it three or four times already.
1. The packaging is in good condition.
2. It is very easy to use and convenient to clean.
3、You can completely do your own hair styling, which saves money.
Overall, it was a very successful purchase.
There are counterfeit goods
Last time I bought two packs, they turned out to be two different versions. The words in the lower left corner of the packaging were green, but one of them was not, and the words were white. The cat ate it and got diarrhea.
I'm not sure if Amazon's inventory is fake or if it was dropped by an employee when it was shipped.
I will buy it again, but if it is still fake, I will hold you and your related people accountable.
It's a crossbar!
The brackets are slanted on Amazon's picture, but they sent me a bracket that is horizontal. Isn't this cheating?
The effect is okay
The most important thing is that Kitty likes to eat.
It is also effective.
Tight, narrow, ankle straps, and heel straps.
Not recommended.
1. UN is Clarks' most comfortable series, but this one is too bad.
Addendum: Today, I compared the previous UN series of insoles (leaving the insoles when throwing away the shoes), and the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before, it is just a fake softness.
2. My heels are not very high, and the point where I kick is about 3 inches forward from the highest point of my heels.
3. I bought three pairs of Clarks overseas, but only one pair fits me.
I was so scared that I deleted all the songs in my collection.
Try rockport again, if it doesn't work, you'll have to go to an Ecco physical store.
Second best is not good enough, quality control is not good
First of all, it is definitely worth mentioning that Prime Overseas Purchase Ups is very powerful, and I received my order on the 31st.
The color of the shoes is much better than the picture, and the texture feels good.
The shoe size is slightly larger, 25 shoes are 10.5 wide and 7.5W, the shoes are slightly loose when worn, but I usually like to wear slightly loose shoes, and I just happen to have a pair of insoles.
Secondly, the shoe control really can't praise it, one shoe sole has damage, the other shoe has various scratches and pinholes, the glue at the connection between the shoe sole and the shoe body is misaligned, it's obvious that it's a second-rate product!
I regret it a little bit!
If you buy it for the price of 280 yuan from an activity, it's a pretty good deal for Arthus; of course, there are even lower prices if you look at the reviews.
Now let's talk about shoes. The pros: the shoes are light, running in them is comfortable, and they fit well and won't fall apart.
It looks great but has some obvious drawbacks: I usually wear shoes size 40, but I bought a 40.5 this time, and there is about the width of a thumb between the front of the shoe and my foot when I put it on. However, this doesn't really matter.
These shoes are very "narrow", although there is still some space in front, but they feel tight.
There's one more thing, the shoes are not very breathable and my feet feel hot now.
Footrest
First of all, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are quite standard, I wear size uk7.5 shoes, eu41.5 shoes, and uk6.5 boots from Amazon, and I have never had any problems with them fitting me. However, based on the reviews, I bought these in size uk7, and they are noticeably longer than my usual size. However, because the insoles are so thick, they are very uncomfortable to wear, and they are also very tight around the back of my foot. In addition, these hiking shoes are very stiff, which makes them very uncomfortable to wear.
If your feet are not particularly thin, we do not recommend buying this product.
If you must buy them, you can just get a new pair of insoles, but the original insoles look very high-end, so there's no need to be sorry.
A very perfect shopping experience!
I am very satisfied and very happy with Amazon Global Shopping, there is no doubt that it sells authentic products, the quality is very good, the price is reasonable, I can trust the products I buy, the after-sales service is very thoughtful, the customer service staff are very friendly and patient, they handle problems patiently and efficiently, they have perfectly solved my worries, the delivery service is very convenient and reliable, the delivery person is very thoughtful and will remind customers to pick up their orders from the delivery box on time, I am grateful to Amazon for providing such a comfortable shopping experience for customers.
In short, our whole family likes shopping on Amazon overseas!
Absolutely negative reviews!
It is really incomprehensible to me why this agency and Amazon are doing this.
In the future, be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon.
Although it has been a long time, I still have to vent my frustration.
I bought it on sale in the winter for less than 200 yuan, and I haven't used it at home for a few months.
When I wanted to use it in the spring, I found that it couldn't connect to the watch, and both devices' manuals said they supported each other. Later, I found out that it was probably a problem with the heart rate monitor, because I tried connecting it to other devices and it still wouldn't connect.
I called Amazon and asked them to contact the agent company, which then asked me to send the equipment to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After almost half a month, the items were sent back to me in their original packaging, including the courier box I used to send them!
No response or acknowledgement, and no test report!
You can at least tell me whether it's good or bad!
Call and ask if this way of returning it indicates that the equipment is fine, that's good.
But I still can't connect, and the agency responds: That's not their problem.
I'm the unlucky one, I don't want to be bothered by you guys for something that costs 200 yuan.
There is a serious shortage of goods.
It's not a very good time to be selling non-essential goods.
The material of the headband is very good.
It's much better than Nike.
It also has good breathability.
It's just the hat in front.
Very fine.
Are you coming to make fun of me?!
It completely blocks out the sun.
The reason for not returning it is because it works well as a headlamp.
Wearing it on your head will not block the sun.
But it is different from other headband styles.
Keep it.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks a sense of contract, and the delivery person is great.
I request delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's rules do not allow deliveries on Saturdays or Sundays.
It's so annoying that I had to drive 200 kilometers from the countryside to come back and pick it up!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The delivery person was very active and enthusiastic.
Give it a thumbs up!
The goods are simple to try, and they are not bad.
However, I have not bought similar products before, so I cannot compare them!
Size and logistics
The workmanship is good, but the logistics are too slow. Previously, all my shoes were delivered by DHL. This time, Apex is... I have bought a lot of UA in China, and the prices are not low. It feels like they are of a higher quality than NIKE and ADIDAS?
They're all the same, so I buy them online.
Size: I am 176cm tall and weigh 68kg. My shoulders are wide, and most clothes are size 180. I bought an M, and the hem is slightly long. Everything else fits perfectly. I see that there are recommendations for S size. Are you that slim? Or do you prefer tight-fitting clothes? I think a looser-fitting sweater would be better.
Just the right size
Waist size: 99 cm, height: 184 cm, weight: 84 kg. Before purchasing, I consulted customer service and was told to buy XL. After reading the reviews, I decided to buy L. When I received the product, I found that it was the right size, and I almost got scammed.
The prices of Double 11 are much higher than those of Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The problem with Z's cheap goods is a pain!
The order placed on the 18th was received on the 25th, the speed from Guangzhou to Beijing for snails!
I bought a product from Z Real Deals, and the description said it had scratches, but when I received the package, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!
The child doesn't want to return the item, thinking that the problem is not big, but the accessory is a small part, and the child's grandfather couldn't find it in any of the hardware stores nearby!
Finally, Grandpa put it on!
It seems that we can't buy affordable products anymore in the future!
The quality of toy processing is poor
Most of the screw holes are not aligned, it is difficult to screw on the top screws, indicating poor processing quality. It is not clear how long it can be used, as it is a promise made to children, so it cannot be returned.
Other reviews say it's easy to install, but is it just this one item I bought that has a problem?
Very average
Is it just bad luck for me?
The packaging is old and unsuitable; the workmanship is very poor; there is only one type of music and it is only 8 seconds long and then repeats endlessly; the action is just nodding your head and walking forward, with no changes.
Not worth the price.
If you need it urgently, you can't return it.
The toys are of good quality, but I have some complaints about the packaging
I received the package by courier yesterday, which was bought from Amazon and labeled as EMS delivery. It was finally delivered by the courier of Taobao. How many bends did it take? Is the relationship between Amazon and Taobao still good?
Let me talk about the packaging again. It is wrapped in several layers of freshness film, and there is not even a piece of packaging plastic foam inside. When you open it, all the parts are placed in an empty box. The toys are of good quality and there are no broken parts, but there are too many parts for my liking, because they are not battery-operated. They often derail when pushed by hand, and I feel that the gap between the tracks is too big, which is not a reasonable design.
Good quality, fun
It's a lot of fun, the components are very precise, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is almost the same as Lego, and the prices are very reasonable when we hold activities.
The process of assembling is quite interesting, I'll do it, and my 5-year-old son can play with me, that's great.
He laughed and laughed while playing it ~ he will probably continue to buy toys from this brand in the future.
Jishi New, shopping from overseas is great
I checked out Christmas, and it was more expensive by 150 yuan than before, but it takes longer to ship now.
The car is still good, it's all new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then, if you connect the spirit ball, you will receive a dream.
It's not bad to play with, and it's more portable than the PS4.
I have already bought Zelda, I'll wait for the game to come out, and then I'll try again.
Producing bad products, selling bad products, and as a result, providing bad services. The six watches I bought for my child are not completely accurate, and the times of the six watches are not consistent, ranging from a few hours to several hours apart.
I contacted the manufacturer and asked if there was a time for verification when the watch was put into storage. They replied that there was. If there was, then why was the time difference so large? That was definitely because the watch lacked accuracy. In simple terms, it was a counterfeit product. It wasn't my fault that it was a substandard product. Look, obvious quality problems (incomplete digital display) were all taken out to be sold. Wasn't it a piece of junk.
I contacted the seller, and they gave me a lot of reasons, and also complained that they shouldn't have bought their products in the first place, that kind of products, that kind of sellers, that kind of after-sales service, who would dare to buy things on Amazon in the future.
In short, I recommend not buying anything from this seller, as even if you do, it will be garbage.
Amazon shipping problems
After receiving the goods, the inspection found:
1. The outer packaging is severely damaged.
2. The table manual has severe wrinkles.
3. The clock does not work, the desk lamp cannot be charged and used, and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only send it to the United States at your own expense, and you will be reimbursed for the shipping fee later.
5、2分的原因是客服服务还不错。
I can only say it's tolerable
The time is not very accurate, about a second fast every day, and it has been almost two and a half months since I started using it.
I used to use a Seatown one before, and I think it won't be off by a few seconds even after a year or two.
The millennium calendar function is quite good, but the timing function is a bit useless, and you basically won't use it. Occasionally, you may accidentally enter the timing mode.
Solar-powered watch
Advantages: solar charging does not need to worry about replacing batteries, has world time, multiple alarm sounds, and reminders for the hour.
Cons: The mirror is easy to scratch and collect dust.
Cost-effectiveness: domestic prices are generally between 220 and 300 yuan, and it takes about a week to get it from overseas (at a cost of over 180 yuan).
Very satisfied with the watch
It must be the real thing. I checked it at the specialty store and it looks beautiful, with fine workmanship and high-quality materials. It is also an imported mechanical movement, so it has some weight to it. It cannot be compared to those so-called mechanical watches that cost three or four hundred dollars. This is a genuine product.
The watch is very accurate, with errors completely within an acceptable range. The watch comes with a jewelry appraisal certificate, and the 12 diamonds on the dial are real diamonds. This watch is perfect for me to wear, and it would also make a great gift.
The Benly table is indeed good.
The worst shopping experience ever
On the evening of September 23, my wife dropped her phone, and I immediately ordered an 8p from Amazon. It was in stock but not self-sold and did not have a markup (secretly happy), but because it was not self-sold, the delivery was slower, and the system showed that the expected delivery date was September 27.
My wife was so upset that she didn't have a phone, so she called me early in the morning at 6:30 the next day to think of a solution. Later, when I checked JD.com, I found that there were 256G models available for same-day delivery, so I had to immediately order another one.
I just bought it, but I want to cancel Amazon's order right away.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it was impossible to pick up the package in the early morning. At around 7:00, I called customer service to request cancellation of the order, and the customer service representative responded that the order had been canceled and to wait for a text message notification.
Okay, I'll be patient and check my phone at noon. The order is still in the status of not having been shipped. I immediately contacted customer service to request that the order be canceled as soon as possible. The customer service representative responded that the operation was already OK.
At 3 pm, I checked my phone and found that the order was still pending. I couldn't do anything but contact customer service again to clarify that I had called three times, please cancel the order and notify the seller to not ship the package!
The customer service contacted the seller on my request and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system and that I should wait until the seller was familiar with the system before canceling the order.
However, I was clearly told by the seller that they knew about it and that there would be no shipment, so please rest assured.
I checked the order status on Monday and found that it had been shipped, which left me speechless.
Because I couldn't directly contact the seller, I had to call customer service again.
The handling afterwards was simply incomprehensible, with me having to say one thing and the customer service representative following up with some operations.
The order is still in the status of refusal to accept delivery, and we are preparing to send it again!
Won't Amazon proactively follow up?
The seller's company has already received the money, so it doesn't matter if they don't follow up.
In the future, we will definitely not pre-pay for large items, this is too troublesome.
It looks beautiful.
I had been eyeing this camera for a long time, but I didn't buy it because of some other reasons besides the price, so I didn't buy it. This time, I bought it because it was included in the package, and the price was still reasonable.
After buying it, I didn't have any problems with the rest of it, but when I tried to connect the software, I couldn't connect no matter what I did. My router is a TP router, and after searching online, I found that many people had this problem. I spent more than two hours changing the settings on the router, but in the end, I managed to fix it by using 360WIFI as a medium. In the meantime, I called Xiaomi customer service, but they didn't have any solutions to this problem. They directly told me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another thing worth noting is that I saw comments from users online saying that the camera supports storage cards with a minimum capacity of 8G, and those with smaller storage capacities cannot be recognized. I hope everyone pays attention to this.
It feels okay to use, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor, the machine heats up to a certain degree, and if it is on all the time, the degree of heating is a bit hard to accept.
In summary, this product has many shortcomings, so please be careful when buying it.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it for my first love in life, we dated for almost 3 years, and then he left me last year and has been gone ever since.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it for my first love in life, but I don't know how much I'll use it now, or maybe I've thrown it away!
We had been together for almost three years, and she left me last year. Whenever I think of her now, I feel so sad that I want to leave this world. The first woman in my life, she has cast a shadow and caused me pain that I have not been able to get over yet.
When I bought this phone, I thought about the two of us sharing the same hardships, but now I can't help but regret it. Maybe that's just how life is. Some people don't want to meet certain people in their lifetime, and some things are things they don't want to know about. But what can we do about it?
Every time I see a Samsung phone, I think of her. The pain that comes with it fills my entire body. I have never been willing to spend more than 2,000 yuan on a phone, but when I bought one for her, I didn't hesitate. No matter how much I love someone, if they change their mind one day, all the promises and vows in the world will be meaningless.
High-quality products among domestic brands
Huawei is a premium product among national brands.
The low-key CEO and enterprises rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business trend of relying on advertising to improve brand awareness!
It is impossible for companies without strength to do this, and they dare not do this!
It is precisely because of this that I chose Huawei.
I've been using it for more than half a year and it's been working great, very good.
The reason why it didn't get a full score is because there was a time when I used its offline navigation and it experienced a positioning problem. I couldn't find the cause, but it worked well at other times.
Moreover, it can input the destination online, automatically design a route after searching, and its offline navigation function is very useful. It does not consume traffic, and it directly communicates with satellites to achieve location and navigation. This is great!
Sony is great
Sony's low-end phones still have a great design, are affordable, have a large screen, have excellent battery life, and are suitable for the elderly to use.
Although a long time has passed, this machine still doesn't have any problems.
However, since my Z2 has been downgraded, this phone has also fulfilled its mission.
