‘In the meantime, we have 4-month-old mice that do not have diabetes, but that did have it earlier,’ he added.
Professor Ehud Ur in medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and also chairman of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association, reminded them that they had only just begun the research.
Like some other experts, he is sceptical about whether his diabetes can be cured, noting that the findings are not relevant to people who already have type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel committee for literature at the Swedish Academy, announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden that the committee had been unable to reach Bob Dylan to inform him that he had won the 2016 Nobel Prize in literature and that they would no longer attempt to reach him.
Danius stated, ‘We are currently doing nothing. I have called and emailed his closest collaborator and received friendly responses. For the time being, that is enough.’
Earlier, Jamie Siminoff, the CEO of Ring, noted that the company was founded when his doorbell from the store could not be heard in his garage.
He said that he made a Wi-Fi doorbell as a result.
Siminoff said sales increased after he appeared on an episode of Shark Tank in 2013, in which the show's panel declined to fund the start-up.
At the end of 2017, Siminoff appeared on the teleshopping channel QVC.
Ring also settled a lawsuit with ADT Corporation, a competing security company.
One experimental vaccine appears to be able to reduce Ebola mortality rates, but so far no medication has been clearly shown to be effective in treating existing infections.
A cocktail of antibodies, ZMapp, initially showed promise in the field, but official studies showed it had less benefit than hoped in preventing deaths.
ZMapp was a control in the PALM trial, so scientists used it as a baseline and compared the other three treatment methods to it.
The United States Olympic Committee has the support of USA Gymnastics and understands the need for the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all athletes.
We agree with the USOC's statement that it is in the best interest of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, to implement meaningful changes to our organization rather than pursuing certification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that can provide more clarity on how abuse on this scale, so bravely described by the victims of Larry Nassar, could go unnoticed for so long, and embraces all necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal: to ensure that athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and empowering environment by making gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible.
Throughout the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as an advisor for John F. Kennedy and later for the government of Lyndon B. Johnson.
He advised Carter on foreign policy during the 1976 election campaign and then succeeded Henry Kissinger as National Security Advisor (NSA), a position he held from 1977 to 1981.
As NSA, he assisted Carter in the diplomatic handling of global issues, such as the Camp David Accords in 1978, the stabilization of the relationship between the US and China in the late 1970s, and the Iranian Revolution, the subsequent hostage crisis, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The film, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, was nominated for all the major categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated for Best Actor and Best Actress respectively.
Among the other nominations were categories for best film, director, cinematography, costume design, film editing, original music, production design, music, sound effects, and original screenplay.
The songs Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars from the film were nominated for Best Original Song. Lionsgate received 26 nominations, a record for a studio.
In a statement by his press secretary, the American president Donald Trump announced on Sunday evening that American troops would withdraw from Syria.
The announcement came after a telephone conversation between Trump and the Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
According to the communiqué, the Turks also stated that they would begin guarding captured ISIS fighters, whom Europe did not want to take back.
This not only proves the already widespread theory that at least certain dinosaurs had feathers, but also provides more details than fossils, such as the colour and three-dimensional placement.
According to scientists, the plumage of this animal was chestnut brown with a pale or carotenoid-coloured underside.
The discovery also provides insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
The researchers concluded that the rachis was probably a later evolutionary development, as dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, or rachis, but do have other characteristics of feathers, such as barbs.
The structure of the feathers seems to indicate that they were not used for flying, but rather for regulating temperature or for aesthetic purposes. The researchers suggested that this is the tail of a young dinosaur, but that this specimen actually shows adult feathers and therefore not the down of a chick.
The researchers suggested that, despite being the tail of a young dinosaur, the specimen had the plumage of an adult and not the down of a chick.
Yesterday morning, a car bomb exploded outside the main police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey. Two police officers were killed and more than twenty other people were injured.
Among the wounded are nineteen police officers, said the governor.
The police suspect a supposed Daesh militant (ISIS) of carrying out the attack.
This showed that the sun follows the same basic principles as other stars: all star activity in the system is based solely on the brightness and rotation of the stars.
The brightness and rotation are used to determine the Rossby number of a star, which is related to plasma flow.
The fewer Rossby waves there are, the less active the star is when it comes to magnetic reversals.
Iwasaki ran into trouble at various points during his journey.
Pirates robbed him, a rabid dog attacked him in Tibet, he escaped a forced marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard is compatible with both frequencies: 2.4 Ghz and 5.0 Ghz.
As long as the base station has dual radios, this allows backwards compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g.
Speeds of 802.11n are substantially faster than those of its predecessors, with a maximum theoretical capacity of 600Mbit/s.
Duvall is married with two children and did not make a big impression on Miller, to whom the story was related.
In response to a request for comment, Millar said: 'Mike talks a lot during the hearing... I was preparing myself, so I wasn't really listening to him.'
‘We are doing our utmost to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP in 2020 compared to the level in 2005’, said Hu.
He did not set any figures for the cuts, saying that they would be determined based on China's economic output.
Hu urged developing countries to “avoid the old way of first polluting and then cleaning up”.
He added that 'on the other hand, they should not be asked to take on obligations that are beyond their level of development, responsibility or capabilities.'
The Iraqi study group presented their report today at 12:00 GMT.
The warning is that no one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this time will put an end to sectarian warfare, escalating violence or the tendency towards chaos.
At the beginning of the report, there is a plea for an open discussion and for consensus-building in the US regarding policy towards the Middle East.
The report expresses strong criticism of virtually every aspect of the current administration policy towards Iraq and urges a change of course.
The report contains 78 recommendations, the first of which is that diplomatic action must be taken this year to protect the Iraqi borders from hostile forces and to restore diplomatic relations with surrounding countries.
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, senator and wife of the Argentine president, announced last night in La Plata, a city 50 km (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires, that she intends to run for president.
Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine Theatre, where in 2005 she started her campaign for the senate as a member of the Buenos Aires provincial legislature.
The debate was sparked by a discussion about investing and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, with some fiscal conservatives jokingly referring to it as "The New Orleans Deal from Bush."
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction efforts is focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to alleged insiders from Washington.
The funeral was attended by more than four million people in Rome.
There were so many attendees that not everyone was able to gain access to the funeral on St. Peter's Square.
Large television screens were set up in various locations throughout Rome so that people could watch the ceremony.
Similar setups were created in many other Italian cities and around the world, particularly in Poland. A large number of people were watching here.
Historians have criticized previous policies of the FBI for focusing their resources on easily solved cases, mainly those involving stolen cars, in order to boost the agency's success rate.
Starting in the 2005 fiscal year, Congress funded the initiative against obscenity and declared that the FBI should deploy ten agents to combat adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa achieved the highest score of the innings with 70 runs in just 41 balls, hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
In the middle order, the batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid performed well, scoring together one hundred runs.
But after India lost the captain's wicket, they only managed to score 36 runs while losing 7 wickets to end the innings.
President of the United States George W. Bush arrived in Singapore in the morning on November 16 for a week-long tour of Asia.
He was received by Wong Kan Seng, the Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore, and discussed issues related to trade and terrorism with the Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong.
Bush spoke to an audience about increasing trade relations with Asia after the losses in the midterm elections this week.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the government's Clean Air Act to a committee for all parties to review prior to second reading, following a 25-minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at PMO on Tuesday.
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, Layton asked for changes to the Conservative's environmental policy, asking for the 'thorough and complete rewriting' of the Conservative's environmental policy.
Since the federal government took over funding of the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the government and some federal parliamentarians have criticised the law as a stunt during the early period of the federal election campaign, which will take place in November.
However, Prime Minister John Howard has stated that the purpose of the law is simply to prevent the Tasmanian government from downgrading the hospital's facilities by allocating an additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest bulletin, the state of the sea level indicated a tsunami wave, and some clear tsunami activity has been registered near Pago Pago and Niue.
There have been no major damages or serious injuries reported in Tonga, although power was out for some time. This led the Tongan authorities to appear unable to receive the tsunami warning from the PTWC.
The warnings were lifted, but still, 14 schools in Hawaii were closed all day Wednesday, either on or near coastlines.
George W. Bush, the leader of the USA, applauded the announcement.
A spokesman for Bush, Gordon Johndroe, described North Korea's pledge as "a major step forward in our goal of denuclearizing the Korean peninsula."
The tenth storm of the Atlantic hurricane season to be given a name, subtropical storm Jerry, formed today over the Atlantic Ocean.
According to the NHC (National Hurricane Center), Jerry currently does not pose a threat to the mainland.
According to calculations by the U.S. Corps of Engineers, 6 inches of rain could potentially cause the previously damaged dikes to collapse.
In the Ninth Ward, during Hurricane Katrina, the water level reached over 20 feet high. Even now, the water level is up to the middle of buildings, because the nearby levee was unable to contain the water.
The water flows over a 100 foot wide section of the dike.
The Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration about the deletion during his conversation with Wikinews last month.
‘In principle, he [Wales] lied to us from the very beginning. Firstly, by pretending that it was all for legal reasons. Secondly, by pretending to listen to us, until he removed the artwork.’
The frustrations within the community have resulted in current attempts to establish a policy regarding the site's sexual content, which hosts millions of pieces of media content under an open license.
The completed work was primarily theoretical in nature, but the program was written for the purpose of simulating observations of the Sagittarius Galaxy.
The team was looking for the effect that would be caused by the tidal forces between the dark matter of the universe and that of the Milky Way.
Similar to how the moon exerts a force on the Earth, leading to tides, the Milky Way exerts a force on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The researchers concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way that it affects regular matter.
According to this theory, the majority of dark matter in a galaxy is located around it, in a kind of ring, and consists of a large number of smaller particles.
On television footage you can see white smoke coming from the plant.
Local authorities have issued the following warning: residents living near the factory should stay indoors, turn off their air conditioning units, and not drink tap water.
The Japanese nuclear energy agency reports that radioactive cesium and iodine have been detected at the plant.
The authorities suspect that this indicates that containers with uranium fuel may have ruptured and leaked on the site.
XDR-TB (Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis) was discovered by Dr. Tony Moll in the province of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
In an interview, he stated that the new variant is ‘very worrying and concerning due to the extremely high mortality rate’.
Dr Moll thinks that some patients contracted the disease in the hospital, including two healthcare workers from the hospital.
A single infected person can potentially infect 10 to 15 close contacts in a year.
However, the percentage of XDR-TB among all tuberculosis patients still seems low: 6000 out of 330,000 infected people in total at any given moment in South Africa.
The satellites, both weighing more than 1,000 pounds and moving at about 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above Earth.
Scientists say that the collision caused a massive explosion.
They are still trying to determine the extent of the collision and how it will affect the Earth.
The United States Strategic Command of the American Department of Defense is tracking the debris.
The result of the plot analysis is posted on a public website.
According to official sources in Ohio, a doctor from the children's hospital in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is being charged with murder with aggravating circumstances after the body of her mother was found in the trunk of her car on Wednesday.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found lying on a roadway in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, wearing only a T-shirt and underwear and heavily medicated.
She sent officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was parked 500 feet away.
It was here that they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanianaan, aged 53, which was covered in blood-stained blankets.
The police stated that the body had been there for approximately one day.
The first cases of the disease were reported at the end of July this season.
Pigs carry the disease and transmit it to humans through mosquitoes.
Following the outbreak of the epidemic, the government of India has decided to deploy personnel to capture pigs in the most affected areas of the country, distribute thousands of mosquito nets, and spread pesticides.
The government has promised to provide several million encephalitis vaccines, so that health authorities can prepare for next year.
Plans to deliver vaccines this year to the places that have historically been the most affected have been delayed due to a lack of funding and low priority in the face of other diseases.
Słania moved to Sweden in 1956, where he started working for the Swedish postal service three years later and became their chief engraver.
He produced more than 1000 postage stamps for Sweden and another 28 countries.
His work is recognized for its quality and detail, and his name is a household name among stamp collectors; some collectors focus solely on collecting his work.
The magnificent postage stamp 'Great Deeds by Swedish Kings', created by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000 and listed in the Guinness Book of Records, was his 1000th postage stamp.
For many countries, he designed engravings for banknotes. Recent examples of his work include the portraits of the Prime Minister on the front of the new Canadian banknotes of 5 and 100 dollars.
After the accident, Gibson was taken to hospital where he died shortly thereafter.
The 64-year-old truck driver was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was removed from the scene of the accident at around 12:00 GMT the same day.
An employee from a garage near the scene of the accident said: 'Children were waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying.'
They all ran back from the scene of the accident.
Other topics on the agenda in Bali include the protection of remaining forests in the world, as well as the sharing of technologies to help developing countries grow in a less polluting way.
The UN also hopes to establish a fund to help countries affected by global warming to deal with its consequences.
Flood-resistant houses, more efficient water management, and crop diversification could be investments for which the money could be used.
Fluke wrote the following: some people tried to stop women from speaking out about women's health, but these attempts were unsuccessful.
They based this on the many positive comments and expressions of support from both men and women who believed that contraception should be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting stopped after the wounded were transported to the hospital, around 40 of the other remaining prisoners remained in the courtyard and refused to return to their cells.
Negotiators made an attempt to get the situation back on track, but the prisoners' demands are unclear.
Between 22:00-23:00 local time, the prisoners started a fire in the courtyard.
Agents dressed in riot gear quickly entered the garden and forced the prisoners into a corner with tear gas.
The fire department was able to declare the fire under control at 11:35 a.m.
The seasonal flooding that would have spread sediment through the river came to an end after the construction of the dam in 1963.
This sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as habitats for wild animals.
As a result, two species of fish became extinct and two others are threatened with extinction, including the Gila cypha.
After the flood, the water level will only rise a few metres, but officials hope this will be enough to restore the eroded sandbanks located downstream.
No tsunami warning has been issued. According to the geophysical bureau of Jakarta, this is also not going to happen because the earthquake was not of magnitude 6.5, which is the minimum requirement for issuing a tsunami warning.
Although there was no threat of a tsunami, residents panicked and left their businesses and homes.
Although Winfrey said goodbye with tears in her eyes, she promised to return to her fans.
‘I am not saying goodbye. This is the end of one chapter and the beginning of the next.’
The presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia were won by a large margin by the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba.
Currently, the SWAPO (South West Africa People's Organisation) is the ruling party, with a majority in the parliamentary elections.
The coalition and Afghan troops entered the area to secure the location and another coalition aircraft was sent to provide support.
The helicopter crashed in mountainous terrain at a high altitude and it is suspected that the cause was enemy fire.
Attempts to locate the site of the accident are hampered by bad weather and rough terrain.
According to the medical charity Mangola, Doctors Without Borders, and the World Health Organization, this is the worst recorded outbreak in the country.
Richard Veerman, spokesperson for Doctors Without Borders, says: ‘Angola is on the path to the worst outbreak ever and the situation in the country remains very bad.’
The weather was beautiful when the game started at 10.00 in the morning. In the middle of the morning there was some light rain, but it cleared up quickly. It was a perfect day for Rugby Sevens.
Favourites of the tournament, South Africa, got off to a good start with a comfortable 26 - 00 victory against Zambia, who were ranked 5th.
Although they played very defensively against their southern counterparts, South Africa managed to improve their performance in the tournament.
They stood out due to their tight defence, control of the ball, and excellent teamwork, and were clearly the main opponent.
Amsterdam officials and employees of the Anne Frank House claim that the tree has a fungus and poses a risk to public health because they believe it could fall over.
The tree was supposed to be cut down on Tuesday, but an emergency court order prevented this from happening.
The entrances to the cave were called 'The Seven Sisters' and all have a diameter of at least 100 to 250 metres.
Infrared images show that the temperature differs at night and during the day, and indicate that they are likely to be caves.
During the day they are cooler than the surrounding surface, and at night they are warmer.
"The thermal behaviour of these features is not as stable as that of large caves on Earth, which often maintain a temperature that is quite constant. What is consistent, however, is that they are deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting has traditionally required little technology: voters go into a booth and put a pre-printed piece of paper into an envelope indicating which candidate they are voting for.
Officials first check the identity of the voter, who then slides the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voting roll.
The process is relatively well defined in France’s electoral law.
Voting booths have been required to be transparent since 1988, so that both voters and observers can see that there are no envelopes inside at the start of the voting process, and that no envelopes are added other than those of registered and authorized voters.
The candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process, and volunteers count the votes in the evening under strict supervision and according to specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, which was launched worldwide earlier due to cost savings and various functionalities, was extensively discussed during the Taipei IT Month of 2007.
However, the consumer market for laptop computers is very diverse and has changed since ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award in 2007 by the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
The station's website describes the show as 'old school radio drama with a new and unheard-of twist'!
In the beginning, the show was only broadcast via the long-running radio website TogiNet Radio, a website about talk radio shows.
At the end of 2015, the AstroNet Radio substation was established.
Local amateur voice actors from the east of Texas originally worked on the series.
The widespread looting reportedly took place at night, because there were no law enforcement officials present on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one person as an 'anarchistic state', where gangs roamed the streets and shops were plundered of consumer goods.
In Bishkek, several people placed the blame for the unrest on demonstrators from the south.
In the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa, that same country eliminated the New Zealand All Blacks during a rugby match of the Tri Nations tournament.
The final score was a one-point victory, 21-20, which brought an end to the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
The Springboks finally won a game, after having lost five in a row.
This was the last match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
The final match of the series will take place next week at Ellis Park in Johannesburg, while the Springboks are playing in Australia.
On Monday at 10:08 a.m., a moderate earthquake shook the western part of Montana.
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Earthquake Information Center did not receive any reports of damage.
The earthquake occurred about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
On Monday, a dead wild duck was found in the marshland near Lyon in eastern France, and it was confirmed that the duck was infected with the H5N1 strain of bird flu, which is deadly to humans.
After Italy, Greece, Bulgaria, Slovenia, Germany and Austria, France is the seventh country in the European Union where this virus is present.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers accused God of ‘the widespread killing, destruction and terrorizing of many millions of earthly inhabitants’.
Agnost Chambers claims that his lawsuit is 'frivolous' and that 'anyone can sue anyone.'
The French opera, written by Camille Saint-Saens, is about an artist 'whose life is defined by his love for drugs and Japan.'
As a result, performers smoke cannabis on stage and the theater itself encourages the audience to join in.
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth and sixth place respectively.
When the results were announced, Gingrich praised Santorum, but criticized Romney, on behalf of whom negative campaign ads against Gingrich had been published in Iowa.
Perry stated that he would 'return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's vote, in order to determine if there is still a chance for me in this election', but later said that he would finish the election and participate in the preliminary election on January 21 in South Carolina.
The winner of the Ames Straw Poll in August, Bachmann, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was then transferred to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he later died.
According to sources, he was in his twenties. ‘I was not present or directly involved in this unfortunate incident, but I am keeping the victim’s family in my thoughts,’ Bieber said in a statement.
The entertainment news website TMZ reports that the photographer had parked his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and was trying to take pictures of the traffic control before crossing the street to take more pictures, which led to the California Highway Patrol officer overseeing the traffic control asking him to return to his car twice.
According to the police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer will most likely not face criminal charges.
Eighteen medals are awarded each day, so many countries missed out on a place on the podium.
Among them are the Netherlands, where Anna Jochemsen came ninth yesterday in the standing class for women in the Super-G, and Finland, where Katja Saarinen came tenth in the same event.
The Australian Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh among the men in the standing Super-G. His Czech opponent Oldrich Jelinek finished sixteenth in the seated Super-G.
Arly Velasquez from Mexico finished in fifteenth place in the men's Super-G (sit-ski). The New Zealander Adam Hall finished in ninth place in the Super-G (standing).
The blind skier Maciej Krezel from the Polish men's team and his guide Anna Ogarzynska finished in thirteenth place in the Super G. The South Korean Jong Seork Park finished in twenty-fourth place in the men's sitting Super-G.
The UN peacekeeping force, which arrived in Haiti after the earthquake of 2010, is being held responsible for the spread of the disease that broke out in the troops' camp.
It emerged from the trial that the waste from the UN camp was poorly treated, which allowed bacteria to enter the tributary of the Artibonite, one of Haiti's largest rivers.
Haiti had not suffered from the disease since 1800, until the troops arrived.
The Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti spoke about independent students who claimed that the Nepalese UN peace battalion had brought the disease with them to Haiti without knowing it.
According to Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert in the field of the disease, the outbreak is likely to have been caused by the peacekeeping forces.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient has been admitted to the Howard University Hospital and is in stable condition.
The patient had been to Nigeria, where the Ebola virus was already present to a small extent.
The hospital followed its infection control protocol, including isolating the patient to prevent others from becoming infected.
Prior to The Simpsons, Simon worked on a number of series in various roles.
In the 1980s, he participated in shows such as Taxi, Cheers and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, he worked with Brooks and Groening on The Simpsons and was responsible for recruiting the first writing team.
After leaving the series in 1993, he remained listed as an executive producer, which meant he received royalties for every series, amounting to several tens of millions of dollars.
The Chinese news agency Xinhua previously reported that a plane had been hijacked.
Later reports also indicate that a bomb threat was made on the plane, which led to it being diverted to Afghanistan and landing in Kandahar.
Initial reports indicate that the plane was forced to return to Afghanistan after it was not allowed to make an emergency landing in Ürümqi.
Airplane accidents are common in Iran, which has an outdated fleet used for both civilian and military operations that is poorly maintained.
Due to international sanctions, no new aircraft can be purchased.
Earlier this week, an accident involving a police helicopter claimed the lives of three people and injured three more.
Last month, the worst airplane crash in years occurred in Iran when a plane that was on its way to Armenia crashed, killing all 168 passengers on board.
In the same month, another passenger plane crashed off the runway in Mashhad, crashing into a wall and killing seventeen people.
Aerosmith has cancelled the remaining concerts of their tour.
The tour of the rock band was scheduled to take them through the USA and Canada until 16 September.
They cancelled the tour after singer Steven Tyler was injured when he fell off the stage during a performance on 5 August.
Murray lost the first set in a tiebreak, after both men failed to concede a single point when serving throughout the set.
Del Potro had an early lead in the second set, but here too a tiebreak followed after it reached 6-6.
At the time, Potro was being treated for his shoulder, but managed to continue the match.
The local start time of the program was 20.30 hours (15.00 UTC).
Famous singers from all over the country sang bhajans or religious songs at the feet of Shri Shyam.
The evening began with the singer Sanju Sharma, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. Lakka Singh also presented the Chhappan bhog bhajan, with the help of the singer Raju Khandelwal.
Lakkha Singh then sang the bhajans.
108 plates with Chhappan Bhog were served to Baba Shyam (in Hinduism, these are 56 different edible items, such as sweets, fruit, nuts, dishes, etc., which are offered to the holy figure).
Lakkha Singh also presented the Chhappan bhog bhajan, with the help of singer Raju Khandelwal.
On Thursday, Satoru Iwata, the director of Nintendo, revealed the design of the controller for the new Nintendo Revolution during the keynote presentation at the Tokyo Game Show.
Just like a TV remote control, the controller uses two sensors located near the user's TV to determine its position in a three-dimensional space.
This allows players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device through the air.
Shortly after the start, Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and was forced out of the race.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but lost this position immediately after his pit stop, probably due to a poorly placed front right wheel.
Michael Schumacher did not finish his race long after Alonso, due to the damage to the suspension caused by the many duels during the race.
In a transcript of the news conference, he said she was 'a cute girl with a nice voice'.
I was moved every time we rehearsed this, from the bottom of my heart.
An internal camera captured footage approximately 3 minutes after launch showing that large pieces of insulating foam were detaching from the fuel tank.
However, it is believed that they did not cause any damage to the shuttle.
The director of NASA's Shuttle Program, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said the foam had fallen 'after the period we were concerned about.'
After five minutes, the wind starts to blow, and a minute later it reaches speeds of around 70 km/h... Then it starts to rain, but so hard and in such large quantities that it feels like needles on your skin. Then hailstones start to fall. People panic, start shouting and run into each other.
‘I lost track of my sister and her boyfriend. When I tried to get to them, people just jumped over two wheelchair users and pushed them aside,’ said Armand Versace.
In addition, NHK reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in the Niigata prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reports that the earthquake did not cause any problems and that reactors 1 and 2 at the Shika nuclear power plant have been shut down.
According to reports, there are 9400 households in the region without water and around 100 without electricity.
Several roads have been damaged, rail services have been suspended in the affected areas, and the prefecture of Noto airport in Ishikawa will remain closed for an extended period of time.
One bomb exploded outside the office where the governor-general works.
Within a period of two hours, three more bombs exploded near government buildings.
Some reports estimate the official death toll at eight. Official reports confirm a maximum of 30 injuries, but the final numbers have not yet been released.
In urine samples from pets that died after eating contaminated pet food, both cyanuric acid and melamine were found.
Researchers from the university stated that the two compounds react with each other, resulting in the formation of crystals that can block kidney function.
Scientists discovered that crystals form in cat urine when you add melanine and cyanuric acid to it.
The composition of these crystals bears similarities to that of the urine of the affected animals, as compared to infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don't know if you realize this, but most goods from Central America entered this country without having to pay any taxes.
And yet, eighty percent of our goods were taxed using rates from countries in Central America.
I found that very strange; it was undoubtedly unfair.
All I want to say is that you treat us the way we treat you.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, the governor of California, has signed a bill that makes it illegal to sell or rent violent video games to minors.
Under this law, violent video games sold in the state of California must carry an '18' rating, and selling them to minors is punishable by a fine of $1000 per offence.
Kier Starmer QC, director of public prosecutions, said this morning that he wants to prosecute both Pryce and Huhne.
Huhne has resigned, and in the cabinet MP Ed Davey is his replacement, while MP Norman Lamb is expected to take over Davey's duties as Minister of Trade.
Huhne and Pryce are expected to appear before the Westminster Magistrates Court on 16 February.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was the driver of the vehicle.
Edgar Veguilla was injured in the arm and jaw, and Kristoffer Schneider had to undergo a reconstructive facial surgery.
The weapon of Uka failed as he aimed it at the head of a fifth man. Schneider suffers from chronic pain, is blind in one eye, has lost part of his skull and his face has been reconstructed with titanium.
Schneider gave his statement via video link from a USAF base in the country he came from.
In addition to the event on Wednesday, Carpanedo also participated in two individual races of the championship.
Her first event was the slalom, where she received a Did Not Finish at her first run. 36 out of 116 participants received the same result in that race.
In the other race she participated in, the sitting Grand Slalom, she placed tenth among the women, with a combined time of 4:41:30. This is 2:11:60 minutes slower than the Austrian winner Claudia Loesch, and 1:09:02 minutes slower than the Hungarian Gyöngyi Dani, who placed ninth.
Four skiers from the women's slalom group were unable to finish their runs and 45 out of 117 skiers in the giant slalom failed to qualify during the race.
The stolen laptop and mobile phone have been found by the police of Madhya Pradesh.
According to assistant inspector general D. K. Arya, five of the rapists of the Swedish woman have been arrested and they have found her mobile phone and laptop.
Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar are the suspects.
According to police commissioner Chandra Shekhar Solanki, the suspects covered their faces when they appeared in court.
There were three people in the house when the car hit it, but none of them were injured.
The driver did, however, suffer serious head injuries.
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed while emergency services tried to free the driver from the red Audi TT.
Initially, he was admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was then transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has since been sentenced in the Edinburgh Sheriff Court for the murder of her son.
She is in custody pending charges and trial, but the eyewitness account may be a fabrication because her story has been published many times.
This is standard practice in the rest of the UK, but the justice system in Scotland operates differently and courts have deemed the publication of photos as potentially damaging.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes that 'journalists are playing a dangerous game when they publish photos of suspects, etc.'.
The Crown Office is in charge of all prosecutions and has indicated to journalists that no further statements will be made, at least until charges have been filed.
According to sources, the document refers to a dispute settlement mechanism, something that the Palestinians have been eager to see based on the borders before the Middle East war in 1967.
Other topics discussed included the future status of Jerusalem, a city sacred to both peoples, and the problems in the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands that there be a permanent military presence in the valley for ten years after the signing of an agreement, but the PA is only willing to accept a presence for five years.
Shooters in the additional trial for pest control had to be closely monitored by forest rangers. The trial was in fact being monitored and its effectiveness assessed.
In a partnership between the NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited for the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program.
According to Mick O'Flynn, acting director for park conservation and heritage at the NPWS, the four chosen marksmen for the first shooting operation have received extensive safety and training instructions.
Yesterday Martelly swore in a nine-member new provisional electoral council (Provisional Electoral Council of CEP).
With this, Martelly has achieved a CEP five times in the past four years.
Last month, the presidential commission recommended the resignation of the previous National Electoral Council, as part of a package of measures aimed at bringing new elections to the country.
The commission was established by Martelly in response to widespread protests against the government that have taken place since October.
The sometimes violent protests arose due to the lack of elections, some of which were supposed to have taken place as early as 2011.
Approximately 60 cases have been reported of iPods malfunctioning and overheating, leading to six fires and four people suffering from minor burns.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) stated that it was aware of the 27 accidents related to the devices.
Last week, METI announced that Apple had reported 34 additional incidents of overheating, which the company described as "not serious."
‘This is very regrettable’, was the response of the ministry to the fact that Apple has delayed the report.
Mariana was hit by the earthquake at 07.19 local time (Friday 21.19 GMT).
The emergency management bureau of the Northern Mariana Islands stated that no damage had been reported on a national level.
In addition, the National Tsunami Warning Center reported that there was no tsunami warning in effect.
In Manilla, the capital of the Philippines, a former police officer from the Philippines has taken tourists from Hong Kong hostage by hijacking their bus.
Rolando Mendoza shot the tourists with his M16 rifle.
Several hostages have been rescued and, for the time being, at least six fatalities have been confirmed.
Six hostages were released earlier, including children and the elderly, as well as the Filipino photographers.
Later, the photographers returned in exchange for an elderly woman who needed to use the bathroom, and Mendoza was ultimately shot.
Liggins went into medicine, following in his father's footsteps.
After training as a midwife, he started working in 1959 at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland.
When he worked at the hospital, Liggins conducted research into premature birth in his free time.
His research showed that the maturation of the foetal lungs of babies was accelerated by administering a hormone.
Xinhua reported that government investigators found two 'black boxes' with flight recorders on Wednesday.
Other wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said, 'Luna was the first 'Queen of Extreme'. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. As unique as she was. A strong woman.'
Dustin 'Goldust' Runnels stated that 'Luna was just as weird as me... maybe even weirder... I love her and will miss her... hopefully she is in a better place'.
Of the 1,400 people surveyed ahead of the 2010 federal election, the number opposed to Australia becoming a republic has risen by 8 per cent since 2008.
Outgoing Prime Minister Julia Gillard said during the campaign for the federal elections in 2010 that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34 percent of the participants in this poll supported this position, and want Queen Elizabeth II to be the last monarch of Australia.
29 percent of respondents believed that Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 percent said that this should never happen.
The Olympic gold medal winner swam the 100 and 200 meter freestyle and three relay events during the Commonwealth Games, but his condition was called into question due to his injuries.
He was unable to take the medication he needed to alleviate his pain, as it is banned from the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the currently largest known prime number on January 25th.
Several people verified the discovery at the beginning of February using different hardware and software, and it was announced on Tuesday.
Comets could have been a source of water on Earth, along with organic material that forms proteins and supports life.
Scientists hope to gain insight into the way planets are formed, and in particular they would like to know how the Earth came into being, given that it has been a very long time since comets collided with the Earth.
Cuomo (53) was sworn in as governor earlier this year and last month signed a law legalizing same-sex marriage.
He called the rumours ‘political nonsense and gossip’.
It is speculated that he may run for president in 2016.
With the NextGen system, planes would be able to take shorter routes, according to the FAA, which would save millions of tons of fuel each year and reduce carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology, as opposed to older technologies using ground radar, allowing air traffic controllers to locate aircraft much more accurately, and providing pilots with clearer information.
No additional transport is being deployed and no above-ground trains will stop at Wembley; in addition, the parking areas and P&R facilities are not accessible on site.
A possible lack of transportation increased the likelihood that the match would be played behind closed doors and without supporters.
A study published in the scientific journal Science on Tuesday focused on the formation of a new species of bird on the Galapagos Islands in Ecuador.
Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that new species evolved within two generations. It was thought that this process took much longer because the crossing of a native Darwin's finch, the Median Ground Finch, with an immigrant Cactus Finch, the Española Ground Finch, took longer.
Gold can be processed into many different shapes. It can be rolled into small shapes.
It can be drawn into a thin wire that can be twisted and braided. It can also be forged or rolled into plates.
After being made very thin, it could be pasted onto another metal. It could even be made so thin that it was sometimes used for the decoration of hand-painted illustrations in books, which were called 'illuminated manuscripts'.
This is called the pH value of a chemical substance. You can already make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
The colour of the cabbage juice then changes based on the acidity (acidic to basic or alkaline) of the chemical substance.
The pH value is indicated based on the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the chemical substance that has been tested.
Hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron, and hydrogen ions are protons without electrons.
Mix both dry powders together, make your hands wet and clean, and form a ball.
The moisture on your hands reacts with the outer layers, creating a strange sensation and forming a kind of shell.
In the cities of Harappa and Mohenjodaro, almost every house had a flush toilet connected to an advanced sewage system.
Sewage remains have been found in houses in Minoan cities on the Greek islands of Crete and Santorini.
Furthermore, there were already toilets in China, Egypt, and Persia in ancient times. For example, during the Roman era, toilets were often part of public bathhouses where both men and women would gather together in a mixed group.
When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
As soon as the space satellite receives the call, it immediately sends it back.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts part of our light and images.
In order to launch a satellite or telescope into space, you need to have a huge rocket that is more than 30 metres long.
The wheel has changed the world incredibly. The most important thing the wheel has given us is easier and faster transportation.
The train, the car and many other means of transport are the result of this.
There are medium-sized feline species that feed on medium-sized prey, ranging from hares to antelopes and deer.
In addition, there are many small cats (such as domestic cats that roam free) that hunt in larger numbers for small prey, such as insects, rodents, lizards, and birds.
Their success stems from the idea of a niche, a special job that every cat has, which means they don’t compete with others.
Lions are the most social cats and live in large groups called troops.
Troops consist of one to three adult males who are related to each other and also have up to thirty females and cubs.
The women are normally closely related to each other and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
A pride of lions behaves in much the same way as a pack of wolves or dogs, animals that surprisingly closely resemble lions (but not other big cats), and which are very deadly to their prey.
The tiger is a versatile athlete and can climb (although not very well), swim, jump long distances, and has five times the pulling power of a strong person.
The tiger belongs to the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars; these four felines are the only ones capable of roaring.
A tiger does not roar with the same power as a lion; it is more like a long growl.
Ocelots' favorite meal is small animals. They catch monkeys, snakes, rodents, and birds if they can. Ocelots hunt almost exclusively on animals that are much smaller than they are.
Scholars suspect that ocelots use their sense of smell to hunt small animals (their prey) by sniffing out the ground where they have been.
They have excellent night vision and move very quietly. Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings and then pouncing on their prey.
When a small group of organisms (a small population) becomes detached from the larger population it came from (for example, by moving over a mountain range or river, or by being moved to a different island from which it cannot easily return), it often finds itself in a different environment than before.
In this new environment, different resources and enemies are present, so the new population must adapt its behavior or its physical characteristics in order to be able to compete.
Because they still require the same adjustments as before, the original population has not changed at all.
As the new population began to adapt to their new environment, they also began to look less and less like the other population.
After thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will be so different in appearance that they can no longer be considered the same species.
This process is called speciation and simply involves the formation of new species. Speciation is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that people breathe in and absorb carbon dioxide that people exhale.
Through photosynthesis, the plants obtain their nutrients from the sun and also provide shade.
Our houses and clothes are made of plants. We mainly eat plants. Without plants, animals would not survive.
The Mosasaurus was at the top of the food chain during that time and had nothing to fear from anyone except other Mosasauruses.
His long jaws had more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, plus an extra set in his palate, which means that nothing or no one could escape him.
It is not certain, but it is possible that his tongue was forked. It ate turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and perhaps even its own species.
Nothing was safe from his attacks in bodies of water either; even giant dinosaurs like the Tyrannosaurus Rex were no match for him.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans also had their fair share of exotic or unusual delicacies, including wild boar, peacocks, snails and a type of rodent called a dormouse.
In addition, there was another difference; poor people and women sat on chairs while eating, but wealthy men liked to have a banquet together where they would lie on their sides while eating.
Meals from Roman times do not contain any food that arrived in Europe from America or Asia in later centuries.
For example, they did not have maize, tomatoes, potatoes or cocoa. Furthermore, not a single ancient Roman ever ate turkey.
The Babylonians built a primary temple for all their gods. This temple was considered the personal home of that god.
Offerings were brought to the gods and the priests tried to satisfy the needs of the gods by organizing ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had a public courtyard and a back room that was only accessible to priests.
Sometimes, as part of the temples, towers in the shape of pyramids were built, called ziggoerattes.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary for the god.
Houses were not of great importance in the warm climate of the Middle East.
The daily life of the Hebrew family mostly took place outside.
Women cooked in the garden; shops were no more than a counter along the street. Stone was used to build houses.
There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, which is why wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland had few inhabitants at the time. According to Norse legends, Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, discovered Greenland on his way west, and gave it its name.
He made this discovery, but at the time there were already Eskimo tribes living there.
Although they were all 'Scandinavian' countries, the people, the royal family, customs and history of Sweden, Iceland, Denmark and Norway were very different from each other.
After watching the movie National Treasure, you might think that there is a treasure map hidden behind the Declaration of Independence.
However, this is a misconception: there is indeed writing on the back, but it is not a treasure map.
On the back of the American Declaration of Independence are the words 'Original Declaration of Independence, July 4th, 1776'. The text is upside down at the bottom of the document.
Although nobody knows for sure who wrote it, it is certain that the large parchment (29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was rolled up for storage at some point in the past.
It therefore appears that the designation was simply added as a kind of label.
Thanks to the D-Day landings and the subsequent battles, the north of France was liberated, but the south remained occupied.
It was ruled by Vichy France. These were French people who, in 1940, sided with the Germans and therefore collaborated with the enemy instead of fighting against them.
On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France as part of Operation Dragoon.
The Americans and the Free French had liberated southern France in just two weeks, after which they set off towards Germany.
A civilization is a single culture shared by a large group of people who live and work together in a society.
The term civilisation comes from the Latin civilis, which means civilian, and relates to the Latin civis, which means citizen, and civitas, which means city or city-state; and this also defines the format of society in a certain way.
City-states are the precursors of nations. A civilization with a culture suggests that knowledge is passed down through multiple generations, leaving a lasting cultural footprint and a balanced distribution.
When minority cultures disappear, they often leave no relevant historical evidence behind, which is why they are not officially recognized as civilizations.
During the revolution, thirteen states, under the Articles of Confederation, formed a weak central government consisting only of a congress.
The congress lacked the power to levy taxes, because there was no national executive or judicial power, and in order to implement all its decisions it had to rely on state authorities, many of which were unwilling to cooperate.
It also did not have the authority to ignore tax laws and rates between states.
At first, all states had to unanimously agree on the articles before they could be amended, but the states did not take the national government so seriously, which meant that their representatives were often absent.
The Italian national football team, along with the German team, is the second most successful team worldwide and won the FIFA World Cup in 2006.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey, and F1 motor racing.
Winter sports are extremely popular, especially in the northern regions, where Italians participate in international competitions and Olympic events.
Japan consists of almost 7,000 islands (with Honshu as the largest island), making it the 7th largest island in the world.
Due to the cluster/group of islands Japan possesses, Japan is often referred to geographically as a 'peninsula'
The history of Taiwan begins in the 15th century, when sailors from Europe passed by the island and gave it the name Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch VOC established itself in the southwest of Taiwan as a base of operations, where the VOC took control of the indigenous grain production processes and employed Chinese workers on rice and sugar plantations.
In the year 1683, the western and northern coastal regions of Taiwan were conquered by troops from the Qing dynasty (1644-1912), after which Taiwan was annexed in the year 1885 as a province of the Qing Empire.
After their defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki in 1895, which transferred sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Composed of three large structures, Machu Picchu includes the Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room with Three Windows.
The majority of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt so that tourists can get a better idea of what they used to look like.
In 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored. Renovation is still ongoing.
For example, the most common photo format for still images worldwide is 35 mm, which was the usual film format at the end of the analogue film era.
These are still produced to this day, although it is mainly the aspect ratio of the image that was adopted from the image sensor of the digital camera.
Strangely enough, 35 mm film is actually 36 mm wide, with a height of 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this size (divide by twelve to get the simplest ratio of whole numbers) would be 3:2 in this case.
Many common formats (such as APS-like formats) are equal to or a close approximation of this aspect ratio.
The third-party rule, which is often abused and considered ridiculous by many, is a simple guideline that makes the image dynamic, while still being easy to understand.
The most effective placement for the main subject is at the intersection of the lines. This divides the image into three parts, vertically and horizontally (see example).
During this period in the history of Europe, the rich and powerful Catholic Church came under fire.
For more than a thousand years, Christianity has united European states, despite differences in language and customs.
From the king to the common citizen, his all-pervasive power influenced everyone.
One of the most important principles of Christianity is that wealth should be used to combat suffering and poverty, and the church has the resources to do so.
The church had been the central authority in Rome for more than a thousand years, and this relationship of power and money led many people to start doubting whether this principle was being upheld.
Great Britain established a naval blockade aimed at Germany shortly after the outbreak of hostilities.
The strategy proved effective, as it was no longer possible to deliver vital supplies to military personnel and civilians, but this blockade did violate the generally accepted international law established over the past two centuries in various international agreements.
Great Britain placed mines in international waters, so that ships were no longer able to sail in large parts of the ocean, which was even dangerous for neutral ships.
Due to the limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to the country's unrestricted submarine warfare.
During the 1920s, most citizens and nations had a pacifist and isolationist attitude.
After the First World War, states wanted to prevent such horrors from ever happening again.
Tesla emigrated to the United States of America in 1884 to work for the Edison Company in New York City.
When he came to the United States, he had only 4 cents, a collection of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his former boss) for Thomas Edison with him.
Ancient China had a unique way of representing different time periods; each phase of China or each ruling family had a distinct dynasty.
There was also a period of instability between the different dynasties, during which the provinces were divided. The most well-known period was the Three Kingdoms era, which took place in the 60 years between the Han and Jin dynasties.
At that time, there were intense wars between various nobles who were fighting for the throne.
In the history of ancient China, the era of the Three Kingdoms is known as one of the bloodiest. Thousands of people died in the struggle for the highest position in the great palace in Xi'an.
The Revolution had major social and political consequences, such as the adoption of the metric system, a shift from absolute monarchy to republicanism, nationalism, and the idea that the country belongs to its citizens rather than a single leader.
For all male applicants, positions were available after the revolution, so that the most ambitious and qualified candidates could succeed.
The same applies to the army. Army ranks are no longer based on a person's class, but on their caliber.
The French Revolution also inspired the oppressed working class to revolt in other countries.
Mohammed was intensely interested in matters of the spirit world, and often went to a cave for contemplation, which later became known as the Cave of Hira in the Mountains of Noer.
The cave itself, which has withstood the test of time, provides a very vivid picture of Muhammad's spirituality.
The cave is located on one of the mountain peaks on the north side of Mecca and is completely cut off from the rest of the world.
Even though it was known that the cave existed, it was not easy to find at all. Once inside the cave, there is complete isolation.
The only things visible are the clear, beautiful sky and the many surrounding mountains. From inside the cave, there is very little of the world that can be seen or heard.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that still stands.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century BC and is one of the many large pyramid structures built in honor of a deceased pharaoh.
The Giza Plateau or 'pyramids of Giza' in the Egyptian Valley of the Kings contains several pyramids (with the Great Pyramid being the largest), multiple small tombs, a number of temples, and the great Sphinx.
The large pyramid was built to honor Pharaoh Khufu, while many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built as tributes to Khufu's wives and family members.
The up-bow sign looks like a V, and the down-bow sign looks like an apostrophe or a square with the bottom missing.
Above means you should start at the point and push the rod away. Below means you should start at the bow frog (the place where your hand holds the rod) and pull the rod.
An upward movement usually produces a softer sound, while a downward movement produces a stronger and more assertive sound.
Take the liberty to sketch your personal marks, but don’t forget that the printed rests are there for a musical reason, so they usually need to be respected.
A group of market women were present on October 6th 1789 as Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette and their two young children (Marie Therese, 11 years old, and Louis-Charles, 4 years old), and the king's sister, Madame Elizabeth, fled in terror from Versailles to Paris.
They travelled back to the French capital in a carriage, surrounded by jeering and threatening mobs who threatened the royal couple.
The actions of the crowd forced the king and queen to open the windows of their carriage completely.
At one point, someone in the crowd held up the head of a royal guard who had been murdered in Versailles in front of the eyes of a terrified queen.
The war costs of the U.S. imperialism in relation to the conquest of the Philippines were paid by the population of the Philippines.
They were required to pay taxes to the American colonial regime in order to finance a large part of the costs, and the interest on bonds was issued through the banks on Wall Street in the name of the Philippine government.
American imperialism rested in large part on the enormous profits generated by the long-term exploitation of the Philippines.
To understand the Templars, one must know what the context was that gave rise to the creation of the order.
The era in which this occurred is commonly referred to as the High Middle Ages, the period of European history spanning the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (1000-1300 CE).
After the early Middle Ages came the high Middle Ages, which were in turn followed by the late Middle Ages, which usually ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term for a wide range of ideas in practice: from the availability of technology or the technological imperative to a strict belief that human destiny is driven by an underlying logic linked to scientific laws and their appearance in technology.
Most interpretations of technological determinism hold these two general views: the development of technology follows a trajectory that is largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has "effects" on societies that are inherent rather than socially conditioned.
For example, some people will argue that the arrival of the car automatically leads to the construction of roads.
A national road network, however, is economically unfeasible for just a few cars, which is why new production methods are being developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
The widespread use of cars also leads to more accidents on the road, which in turn drives the development of new healthcare techniques to help the human body recover.
Romanticism included a large component of cultural determinism, which originated from writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the Romantic era, geography shaped the individual, and over time, customs and cultures emerged as a result of this geography, forming a harmonious society that was better than arbitrary laws imposed from above.
Constantinople was seen as the fashion capital of feudal Europe, just as Paris is the current fashion capital.
It was known as an epicentre of luxury from around 400 AD until around 1100 AD.
The status of the empire declined in the 12th century, mainly because the crusaders returned with silk and spices that were more valuable than what the Byzantine markets could offer.
Around this time, Paris also took over the title of fashion capital from Constantinople.
The Gothic style experienced its heyday in the 10th, 11th, and 14th centuries.
In the beginning, clothing was strongly influenced by the Byzantine culture from the east.
However, due to the slow communication channels, styles in the west were 25 to 30 years behind.
At the end of the Middle Ages, a unique style began to emerge in Western Europe. One of the biggest developments was the result of the Crusades: people started using knots to fasten their clothing.
Self-sufficient agriculture is agriculture in which enough food is produced to meet the needs of the farmer and his family.
Agriculture aimed at subsistence is a simple system that is usually organic. It uses saved seed from the ecoregion, combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yields.
In the past, most farmers worked in self-sufficient agriculture, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures bring together like-minded individuals who feel neglected by societal norms, giving them the opportunity to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures can differentiate themselves based on the age, ethnicity, social class, location, and/or gender of their members.
A subculture can be defined by the following types of qualities: linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of one or more of these factors.
Members of a subculture often show which group they belong to through a certain symbolic style in what they wear, how they behave, and the jargon they use.
One of the most commonly used methods for illustrating the importance of socialisation was the few unfortunate cases of children who, due to neglect, adversity or intentional abuse during their upbringing, were not socialised by adults.
They are referred to as 'wolf children' or 'feral children'. Some wolf children have been locked up by humans (usually their own parents); sometimes this child was abandoned because the parents did not want to accept the serious mental or physical disability of the child.
Troublesome children may have experienced serious child abuse or serious trauma before they were abandoned or ran away.
Others are said to have been raised by animals, and some are said to have lived in the wilderness alone.
A feral child who has not been raised by humans may exhibit behavior that resembles the behavior of the animal it was raised by (within physical limits), such as fear of or indifference towards humans.
Learning on a project basis should simplify education and make it more interesting, but scaffolding goes one step further.
Scaffolding is not a learning method, but a tool to support individuals who are facing a new learning experience, such as a new computer program or starting a new project.
Support can be both virtual and real. A teacher, for example, is a form of support, but so is the paperclip icon in Microsoft Office.
There is virtual scaffolding built into the software that asks questions, provides memory aids and explains procedures that might be difficult for students to understand without help.
There are various reasons why children end up in foster care, such as neglect, abuse, and exploitation.
No child should have to grow up in an environment where they are not well cared for, where they are not loved, and where they cannot develop, but this is what happens.
We consider the foster care system to be a safe zone for these children.
The intention is for foster care to provide a safe home, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable healthcare.
In foster care, all needs that were neglected in the previous home must be met.
On the internet, elements of interpersonal communication and mass communication are combined.
The different characters of the internet lead to new dimensions in terms of the application of the Uses & Gratifications theory.
‘Learning’ and ‘socialisation’, for example, are presented as important reasons for using the internet (James et al., 1995).
Eighmey and McCord (1998) introduced new motivational aspects such as 'personal involvement' and 'ongoing relationships' when they examined audience reactions to websites.
The use of video recordings has led to remarkable discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, which are facial expressions that last only a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is stated that no one can recognise a lie by simply paying attention to micro-expressions.
Oliver Sacks described in his essay The President's Speech how people who are unable to understand speech due to brain damage are still able to accurately gauge its sincerity.
He even suggested that other species of animals, such as domestic dogs, also possess the ability to interpret human behavior.
Research conducted in the twentieth century has shown that there are two groups of genetic variants: hidden and visible.
Through mutation, new genetic variation is added; through selection, this variation is eliminated from the pool of expressed variation.
For each generation, variation between the two groups is achieved through separation and recombination.
A primate with a digestive system similar to that of humans can survive in the savannah, but it is difficult for it to obtain the necessary amino acids from the plant sources available there.
Failure to comply with these guidelines can have serious consequences: stunted growth, malnutrition and, ultimately, death.
The easiest plant sources to find are the proteins in leaves and legumes, but unless they are cooked, they are difficult for primates like us to digest.
Not only is animal food (ants, termites, eggs) easily digestible, but it also contains a large number of proteins that contain all essential amino acids.
All in all, we shouldn’t be surprised if our ancestors solved their ‘protein problem’ in the same way that chimpanzees in the savannah solve this problem today.
Sleep interruption means that you wake up for a reason during your normal sleep period and fall asleep again within a short period of time (10–60 minutes).
This is quite easy to do by using a relatively soft alarm that brings you back to consciousness without immediately waking you up completely.
If you want to adjust your clock while you sleep, you can place it on the other side of the room, so that you have to get out of bed to adjust it.
Other options based on the biorhythm include drinking a lot of liquid before going to bed (particularly water or tea, a well-known diuretic), which will cause you to need to get up to urinate.
The amount of inner calm a person possesses is in direct proportion to the amount of stress they carry in their body and mind.
The less stress, the more positive the life force present. Every human being is capable of achieving contentment and total peace.
Anyone can enlighten their mind. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is your own stress and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but this form of Buddhism has been expanded with the Mahayana path of love and with a large number of techniques from Indian yoga.
Tibetan Buddhism consists of a relatively simple core of kundalini yoga, meditation, and the practice of universal love.
Through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualized images, the energy of Kundalini yoga (enlightenment energy) is awakened.
The core of Tibetan meditation is yoga with a deity as the focus. Using the visualization of various deities, energy channels are cleansed, chakras are activated, and consciousness is brought into an enlightened state.
Because Germany was a common enemy during World War II, cooperation between the USSR and the US was established. However, after the war, conflicts between the systems, processes, and cultures led to the countries falling out with each other.
The former allies found themselves on opposite sides just two years after the end of the war, marking the beginning of the Cold War.
The war would last 40 years and proxy armies fought battles on the battlefields of Africa, Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba, and many other places.
The Polish defensive forces held out until September 17, 1939, after which they had to retreat and reorganize along the bridgehead in Romania.
These plans were however thwarted in the space of one night, when 800,000 soldiers from the Red Army of the Soviet Union invaded and formed the Latvian and Ukrainian fronts, after occupying the eastern parts of Poland, in violation of the Treaty of Riga, the Soviet-Polish non-aggression pact, and other international peace treaties, both bilateral and multilateral.
Cargo transportation by ship is the most efficient way to transport large numbers of people and goods across the ocean.
Traditionally, it is the task of the navy to ensure that a country retains the ability to transport people and goods, while impeding the ability of the enemy to transport people and goods.
The US tried to get troops and equipment across the Atlantic to the British, and this North Atlantic campaign of WWII is one of the most notable recent examples.
The German navy attempted to stop this traffic at the same time, mainly using U-boats.
Like the rest of Europe, Great Britain would probably have fallen into German hands if the Allies had failed.
It seems that the goats were domesticated for the first time around 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
In ancient times, cultures and tribes started to keep them so that they could always easily obtain their hair, meat, milk, and hides.
Domesticated goats were usually kept in herds on a hill or other grazing area, guarded by goat herders, often a child or young person, just like the more well-known shepherds. Nowadays, they are still guarded in the same way.
As early as the 16th century, horse-drawn railways were built in England.
Although horse-drawn railways consisted of rails made of planks, the horses had to travel faster and pull greater loads than on the somewhat difficult roads of the time.
Crossbars were used quite early on to keep the rails in place, but gradually people realised that rails would be more efficient if there was an iron point on the top.
This quickly became the standard practice, but the iron resulted in more wear and tear on the wooden carriage wheels.
Iron wheels eventually replaced the wooden varieties. In 1767, the first completely iron rails were installed.
The first form of transportation that we know of is walking. Humans started walking upright two million years ago when Homo Erectus emerged (which means ‘upright man’).
Their predecessor, the Australopithecus, walked upright less frequently.
Two-legged specializations are found in fossils of the Australopithecus from 4.2 to 3.9 million years ago. The Sahelanthropus may have also walked on two legs seven million years ago.
We can live in a more environmentally friendly way, join an environmental movement, or even take action to mitigate future suffering.
In many cases, it is just like symptomatic treatment. But if we want more than a temporary solution, we need to identify the root cause of the problems and eliminate it.
The scientific and technological developments of human society have undoubtedly had a profound impact on the earth, and overpopulation and extravagant human lifestyles have exacerbated these problems.
After the Declaration of Independence was adopted by Congress on July 4th, a handwritten draft was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap a few streets away. This draft was signed by the President of the Continental Congress John Hancock and minister Charles Thomson.
Between 150 and 200 copies were made overnight, and are now better known as 'Dunlap broadsides'.
John Nixon delivered the public reading of the document for the first time on July 8 in the garden of Independence Hall.
One copy was sent to George Washington on July 6 and read to his troops in New York on July 9. Another copy arrived in London on August 10.
The 25 Dunlap broadsides are the oldest surviving copies of the document; the original handwritten copy did not survive.
Many paleontologists believe that a species of dinosaur still exists today, and we call them birds.
Many people do not consider them to be dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But there are many things about birds that still make them seem like dinosaurs.
They have claws and scales on their feet, lay eggs, and walk on their hind legs, just like the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Manipulating data encoded in binary digits forms the basis for almost all computers used today.
A binary number can only have two values, 0 or 1, and these numbers are called binary digits (and in computer language, 'bits').
Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent; symptoms such as vomiting are so common that a diagnosis cannot be made immediately.
The presence of open boxes of medication or toxic household chemicals is the best indicator of internal poisoning.
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that particular poison.
This group of insects is formally called ‘true bugs’ by entomologists.
This term stems from a centuries-old agreement with bed bugs, which are insects that are very effective at parasitizing humans.
Both the bed bug and the cockroach are nest-bound; they have adapted to live in the nest or home of their host.
In the US, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), making it the most common neurological condition in adults of both younger and middle age.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which includes the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
Research has shown that women have twice the chance of developing MS as men.
A couple may decide that it is not in their best interest, or that of their child, to raise a baby.
These couples can choose to give up their baby for adoption.
In the case of adoption, the parents give up their parental rights so that another couple can raise the child.
Figuring out how the world works through the scientific method is the primary goal of science. This method is the guiding principle for most scientific research.
However, it is about more than just experiments; an experiment is a test to rule out one or more potential assumptions, to raise questions and to make observations, as a guide for scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts, and in particular the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's views on science, including psychology, were accepted.
The West understood Greek philosophy and science less and less as knowledge of the Greek language decreased.
In physiological and behavioral observations of rhythms, there is often a strong dependence on endogenous processes and production via the biological clock.
Most living beings, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals, live according to periodic rhythms. These are not just reactions to external periodic signals.
Biological clocks are self-contained oscillators that go through a cycle for a certain period of time, even if there are no external signals indicating this.
The experiment of Hershey and Chase was one of the most important indications that DNA was a genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used bacteriophages or viruses to implant their own DNA into a bacterium.
Two experiments were carried out: in one experiment the DNA in the phage was labelled with radioactive phosphorus, and in the other experiment the protein of the phage was labelled with radioactive sulphur.
Mutations can have many different effects, depending on the type, the importance of the genetic material involved and whether the affected cells are reproductive cells.
Only mutations in germ cells are hereditary. Other mutations can cause cells to die or can lead to the development of cancer.
Nature tourism attracts people who like to visit natural areas in order to enjoy the landscape, including the flora and fauna.
On site, visitors can engage in activities such as hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks, and studying the ecosystem.
One example is visiting, photographing and learning about the orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning, people from small villages drive to their workplaces, passing people whose workplace is located in the village they just left.
Everyone in this dynamic transport shuttle is in some way connected to and supports a transport system based on private cars.
Science shows that this enormous carbon economy has caused the biosphere to lose its stable state, which has allowed human evolution to occur over the past two million years.
Everyone participates in society and uses transportation systems, and almost everyone complains about them.
In developed countries, problems with water quality or collapsing bridges are rare occurrences.
How is it that so many complaints arise in transport systems, why does everything go wrong on a daily basis? Are transport technicians simply incompetent, or is it something more fundamental?
In the case of traffic flow, attention is focused on the movements of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions that take place between the individuals.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to study traffic flow because the behavior of drivers cannot be predicted with 100% certainty.
Fortunately, drivers behave in a relatively predictable manner. This means that traffic flows exhibit a certain degree of consistency, and that there is something to be said about this from a mathematical perspective.
Relationships have been established between the three core characteristics in order to better represent traffic flow: (1) intensity, (2) density, and (3) speed.
These relationships make it easier to plan, design and operate road engineering facilities.
Insects were the first animals to learn how to fly, and thanks to their ability to fly they were able to more easily escape their enemies and find food and mates more efficiently.
The advantage of most insects is that they can fold their wings along their body.
This allows them to hide from predators in a greater number of small places.
Currently, only dragonflies and mayflies are unable to fold their wings.
A few thousand years ago, Aristarchus said that the solar system revolved around the sun.
There were people who thought he was right, but many people believed the opposite; that the solar system revolved around the Earth, and therefore the Sun as well (and other stars).
This sounds fairly logical, because you don’t feel that the earth is moving, do you?
The Amazon River is the world's largest and second-longest river and carries more than 8 times as much water as the second-largest.
The Amazon is also the widest river on earth, with a width of six miles in some places.
At least 20% of all the water that flows into the sea via the rivers comes from the Amazon.
The main stream of the Amazon River is 6,387 kilometers (3,980 miles) long. The water comes from thousands of smaller rivers.
Although the building of stone pyramids continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza remain unsurpassed in terms of size and technical excellence of construction.
The ancient Egyptians of the New Kingdom admired the monument of their predecessors, which was already more than a thousand years old at the time.
Approximately 800 people live in Vatican City, which is the smallest independent country in the world and also the country with the lowest population.
Italian is the official language for communication and laws in Vatican City.
Italian is the language most commonly spoken by the people who work there, while Latin is used extensively during religious ceremonies.
Everyone who lives in Vatican City is Roman Catholic.
People have known about the most basic chemical elements, such as gold, silver, and copper, since ancient times, because they can all be found in nature and it is relatively easy to extract them using primitive tools.
The philosopher Aristotle speculated that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
This seemed more like what we know of the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, but he also theorized that they transition into new substances to form what we see.
In simple terms, alloys are a combination of at least two metals. As you probably know, the periodic table contains many elements.
Elements such as calcium and potassium fall under the category of metals. Of course, there are also metals such as silver and gold.
Alloys can also contain a small amount of non-metallic elements, for example carbon.
Everything in the universe is made up of matter. All matter is composed of small particles called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that a trillion atoms would fit at the tip of the end of this sentence.
That is why the pencil was a faithful friend to many people when it was first launched.
Unfortunately, as newer writing methods have emerged, the status of the pen has declined and it is used much less frequently.
Nowadays, messages are written on a computer screen without ever needing a letter opener.
You might wonder what will happen to the keyboard once something new comes onto the market.
The atomic bomb works according to the principle that it costs energy to assemble a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
It's as if you are pushing a heavy cart up a hill. When the nucleus is split again, some of the energy is released.
Some atoms have an unstable nucleus, which means that they fall apart at the slightest provocation.
The surface of the moon is characterized by dust and rock. The crust is the outer layer of the moon.
The crust is approximately 70 km thick on the closest side and 100 km thick on the other side.
The crust is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
There may be more mares on the side, because the crust is thinner there and lava could more easily reach the surface.
Content theories aim to discover what motivates people and what appeals to them.
This theory suggests that people have certain needs and/or desires that become internalized as they grow up.
With these theories, they aim to investigate the reasons why certain people want certain things and which environmental factors influence them to do or not do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow’s hierarchy of needs and Hertzberg’s motivation-hygiene theory.
In general, two approaches emerge when managers are put in charge of their former colleagues: in one approach, they try to act as equals.
This type of manager finds it difficult to make unpopular decisions and take disciplinary measures, to hold evaluation meetings, to delegate tasks and to hold people accountable.
On the other end of the spectrum, this person transforms into an unrecognizable individual, feeling the need to change everything the team has done so far and wanting to take ownership of everything.
Ultimately, the leader is responsible for the success and failure of the team.
This behavior often leads to a gap between leaders and team members.
Virtual teams must meet the same standards of excellence as regular teams, although there are some small differences.
In most cases, virtual team members are the first point of contact for their direct physical group.
Often, they are more independent than traditional team members, because their teams can meet according to different time zones, which might not be understood by their local management.
The idea of a truly ‘invisible team’ (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, pp 109) is a unique element of a virtual team.
The ‘invisible team’ is the management team to whom each member reports. The invisible team also sets the standard for each member.
Why would an organization want to start the time-consuming process of setting up a learning organization? One of the goals for putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
Creativity and resourcefulness come to light when all available resources within the functional departments of an organization are effectively utilized.
The result of this is that the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to meet the needs of the customer.
In order to enable innovation within an organization, management must foster a culture in which innovation, shared knowledge, and organizational learning are central.
According to Angel (2006), organizations can perform better with an approach based on the continuum model.
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the study of cognition, allowing the field of research to be narrowed down and more accurate data to be collected.
The correlation between brain pathology and behavior helps scientists during their research.
It has long been known that various types of brain injury, trauma, wounds and tumors can affect behavior and lead to changes in mental capacity.
As more and more new technologies are developed, we are learning more and more about the structures and processes in the brain.
This provides us with a lot of information and material to develop simulation models that give us a better understanding of the processes in our minds.
AI immediately brings to mind science fiction for most people, but it is also an essential part of computer science. It is used in research into machine behavior, learning, and intelligent adaptation.
Developing machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior falls under research into AI.
Some examples include management, planning, the ability to diagnose and answer customer questions, and the recognition of handwriting, voice, and faces.
These have become separate disciplines for finding solutions to problems in real life.
Nowadays, this system for artificial intelligence is widely used in economic, medical, technical, and military fields, such as in various software applications for PCs and video games.
Many excursions are planned for each class, and often a teacher would take her students to places that cannot be reached by bus.
Thanks to technological advancements, virtual excursions are now possible, allowing students to view museum artefacts, explore an aquarium, or view beautiful works of art from their classroom.
Sharing a virtual field trip is also a fantastic way to look back on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, every year students from Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the state capital, which is redesigned every year, and previous versions of which are kept online to serve as a scrapbook.
Blogs can also help students improve their writing skills. Often, their grammar and spelling are poor at the beginning, but this changes quickly because they have an audience.
As students are often the most critical audience, the blogger strives to improve their writing in order to avoid criticism.
By blogging, "students are also forced to learn more about the world around them." The need to keep the audience interested inspires students to be smart and interesting (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages students to extend learning far beyond the traditional school day.
When used properly, blogs can help students develop analytical skills and learn to think critically; by actively engaging in online discussions, students can find their place within the context of other people's material while simultaneously defining their own stance on certain issues (Oravec, 2002).
The bilingual capital of Canada is the charming Ottawa, full of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada’s past and future.
Further south you will find the Niagara Falls. In the north you will find the beautiful, unspoiled Muskoka and much more.
This kind of thing makes Ontario seem typical of Canada in the eyes of outsiders.
Further north, large areas are sparsely populated, and parts of these areas are even virtually uninhabited wilderness.
A demographic comparison that will surprise many: there are more African Americans living in the United States than the total number of inhabitants in Canada.
The East African islands are located along the eastern coast of Africa in the Indian Ocean.
Madagascar is by far the largest and, in terms of fauna, it is almost a separate continent.
The majority of the smaller islands are independent countries or are connected to France and are known for their luxurious beach resorts.
The Arabs also brought with them the Islamic faith, which then spread widely across the Comoros and Mayotte.
The Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape route from Europe to India, which marked the beginning of European influence and colonisation in the 15th century.
The region is bordered to the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean and to the north by the Sahel region.
Women: female travelers are advised to say they are married, whether or not this is true.
It also helps to wear rings (not too expensive looking rings).
Women should be aware that cultural differences may lead to behaviour that they perceive as intimidating, and that it is common to be followed, to have one's arm taken, etc.
Be clear when rejecting a man and don’t be afraid to stand up for yourself (cultural differences don’t make this any easier!).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded in the 10th century BC by Berber fishermen. The city was used as a strategic port by the Phoenicians, Romans, and Merinids, and was known under the name Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed the harbour and rebuilt it under the name of Casa Branca. After an earthquake in 1755, they left the city once again.
The sultan of Morocco rebuilt the city and named it Daru l-Bayad. The Spanish traders who established their trading base here gave it the name Casablanca.
In Morocco, Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to go shopping.
Around the old Medina you will find many places where you can buy traditional Moroccan items, such as tagines, pots, leather products, water pipes, and other trinkets, but these are purely aimed at tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The city is located near Rwanda, in the far east.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed when the Nyiragongo volcano spewed lava, burying most of the city's streets, particularly the city center.
Although Goma itself is relatively safe, you should check the situation regarding the ongoing fighting in the province of North Kivu before making any trips outside of Goma.
In addition, the city serves as a base for climbing the Nyiragongo volcano, and you can find some of the most affordable trips for tracking mountain gorillas in Africa here.
You can get around Goma using a boda-boda (a motorcycle taxi). The normal (local) price is around 500 Congolese Francs for a short ride.
'Timbuktu' is relatively difficult to access, which is why it is now used as a metaphor for exotic, far-off countries.
Today, Timbuktu is a rundown city, but its reputation makes it a tourist hotspot and it has an airport.
In 1990, it was added to the list of endangered World Heritage sites due to desert storms.
It was one of the main stops on the PBS exhibition Special Wonders from the African World by Henry Louis Gates.
The city differs from the other cities in the country because it has a more Arabic feel than an African one.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) can be found in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique in the east, along the border with Zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is formed by the Crocodile River.
The park covers 19,500 square kilometres and is divided into 14 different eco-zones, where various species of wild animals are kept.
As a major attraction in South Africa, this park is the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
As with all South African national parks, daily conservation fees and entrance costs apply.
It can also be useful to purchase a Wild Card, which offers access to certain parts of parks in South Africa or to all national parks in South Africa.
The entire territory of Hong Kong is named after Hong Kong Island, which is considered by many tourists to be the most important place.
The vast number of buildings that make up Hong Kong's skyline has already been compared to a glittering bar graph that becomes visible thanks to the waters of Victoria Harbour.
For the best view of Hong Kong, leave the island and head towards the waterfront of Kowloon on the other side.
The vast majority of the population of the island of Hong Kong lives very close together on reclaimed land along the northern coast.
This is where the British settlers established themselves, so if you're looking for evidence of the area's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans are the largest mangrove forests in the world and extend 80 km (50 miles) from the coast into Indian and Bangladeshi territory.
The Sundarbans have now officially been added to the UNESCO World Heritage list. The section within Indian borders is called the Sundarbans National Park.
However, the forests are more than just mangrove swamps — they also contain some of the last great tracts of jungle that ever covered the Gangetic plain.
The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which a third is peat and marshland.
The Sundarbans have been a wildlife reserve since 1966 and it is estimated that there are now 400 Bengal tigers and around 30,000 axis deer in the area.
During the day, buses depart from the station on the border of the districts (opposite the river). Most depart between 6.30 and 7.30 am, particularly in the direction of the east and Jakar/Bumthang.
It is wise to buy a ticket a few days in advance, as the local buses are often fully booked.
In most neighborhoods, small Japanese Coaster buses are used, which are comfortable and sturdy.
Shared taxis allow you to travel quickly and comfortably to nearby locations, such as Paro (150 ngultrum) and Punakha (200 ngultrum).
The Oyapock Bridge is a cable bridge that crosses the Oyapock River in order to connect the Brazilian city of Oiapoque with the French Guiana town of Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock.
The two towers are 83 metres high. The building is 378 metres long and has two passages with a width of 3.50 metres.
The clearance height under the bridge is 15 meters. Construction of the bridge was completed in August 2011, but it only opened to traffic in March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, at which point the Brazilian customs posts are expected to be ready for use.
The Guaraní were the most prominent indigenous group. They lived in the area that is now East Paraguay, lived as semi-nomadic hunters and also practiced subsistence agriculture.
In the province of Chaco, other indigenous tribes lived, including the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who found their food by hunting, fishing, and gathering.
Paraguay, which was also once referred to as the ‘great province of India’, emerged in the 16th century when Spanish colonizers encountered the indigenous population.
This was followed by a three-century period of colonisation under the Spanish.
Asunción was founded in 1537 and, ever since, Paraguay has managed to preserve much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is known for having some of the best polo teams and players in the world.
In December, the biggest tournament of the year takes place on the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
Smaller tournaments and competitions can also be seen here at other times of the year.
Check the Asociación Argentina de Polo for more information about tournaments and buying tickets for polo matches.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands pound (FKP), which is approximately equal in value to the British pound (GBP).
There is only one bank on the islands, located in Stanley opposite the store FIC West. This is where you can exchange money.
In general, British pounds are accepted everywhere on the islands, and in Stanley you can often also pay with credit cards and American dollars.
On the remote islands, you probably cannot pay with a credit card, but you can probably pay with British and American currency. Ask the owners in advance about the payment methods available.
Exchange your money again before leaving the islands, as Falkland Islands currency is very difficult to exchange outside of them.
Montevideo is located below the equator, so when it is summer there, it is winter in the Northern Hemisphere, and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics, and temperatures of over +30°C are not uncommon during the summer months.
Winter can be deceptively cold: the temperature almost never drops below freezing, but the wind combined with the humidity makes it feel colder than the thermometer indicates.
The level of rainfall remains more or less constant throughout the year, without any recognisable ‘wet’ or ‘dry’ periods.
Many of the animals in the park are used to seeing people, but wild animals are just that – wild – and so they should not be fed or disturbed.
Maintain a minimum distance of 100 metres from bears and wolves, and 25 metres from all other wild animals in the park.
Elks, bison, reindeer, bears and pretty much all other large animals can attack you, no matter how tame they may seem.
Every year, dozens of visitors get injured because they don't keep a proper distance. These animals are big, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space.
Moreover, you should be aware that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid carrying or cooking smelly food and keep the campsite clean.
The capital of Samoa is Apia and the city with almost 40,000 inhabitants is located on the island of Upolu.
Around the year 1850, Apia was founded and it has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
In 1889, seven ships from Germany, the US, and Great Britain refused to leave the harbor, an event that later became known as the infamous standoff.
With the exception of a British battleship, all ships were sunk, and almost 200 Americans and Germans lost their lives.
During the struggle for independence led by the Mau movement, the highest leader, Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III, died during a violent but peaceful gathering in the city.
There are many beaches, particularly due to the two harbours of Auckland. The most popular ones are located in three areas.
The beaches of North Shore in the North Harbour district stretch from north to south along the Pacific Ocean, from Long Bay to Devonport.
These are almost all sandy beaches where swimming is safe, and most have pohutukawa trees that provide shade.
The Tamaki Drive beaches are located at Waitemata's harbour, in the luxurious suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers, situated in Central Auckland.
These family beaches are sometimes very crowded and have a good range of shops on the coast. Swimming is not unsafe.
‘Number One’ is the most important local beer, which is not a complex beer but rather pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called ‘Manta’.
There are many French wines to be found, but New Zealand and Australian wines are perhaps better suited for travel.
The local drinking water can be safely consumed without any issues, but bottled water is also readily available if you don't trust it.
A ‘flat white’ is a strange concept for Australians. Black coffee is ‘espresso’, cappuccino has a lot of coffee milk (without foam) and tea is served without milk.
The hot chocolate is of Belgian quality. Fruit juices are expensive, but amazing.
Trips to the reef take place throughout the year and injuries resulting from these trips to the reef are rare.
Nonetheless, seek expert advice and follow all signs and safety warnings.
Cubozoans are found near beaches and river mouths north of Town of 1770 from October to April, and sometimes outside of this period.
Sharks do exist, but they rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and would swim away.
The main habitat of saltwater crocodiles is in the river mouths north of Rockhampton, and they do not normally live in the ocean.
Making a reservation in advance provides peace of mind for the traveler, knowing that they have a place to sleep when they arrive at their destination.
Travel agencies often have deals with certain hotels, although you can usually also book other types of accommodation, such as a campsite, through a travel agency.
Travel agencies often offer packages that include breakfast and transport to and from the airport, and sometimes even packages that include flights and hotel stays.
They can also hold your reservation if you need a little more time to think about the offer or if you need to obtain documents for your destination (e.g. a visa).
However, if you have a request or want to make a change, you must do so through the travel agency rather than the hotel.
For some festivals, the majority of attendees at music festivals choose to camp on site, and most visitors consider this an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action, you need to arrive early to secure a campsite spot near the music.
And remember this: even when the music on the main stages has finished, there is a chance that music will still be playing on other parts of the festival grounds until late at night.
For families with young children, there are special camping areas at some festivals.
Be careful where you sit when crossing the Baltic Sea in winter, because the ice churns up a tremendous amount of noise if you are too close to it.
Cruises to Saint Petersburg include time for exploring the city. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (check the conditions).
Casinos typically make an effort to make the most of the time and money spent by their guests. Windows and clocks are usually not present, and the exit can sometimes be difficult to find.
They normally have special offers on food, drink and entertainment to keep them happy and prevent them from leaving.
Some locations offer free alcoholic drinks. However, when people are drunk, it affects their judgment and all seasoned gamblers know that it is crucial to stay sober.
If you venture into the mountains or drive over mountain passes, you need to take into account that there may be snow or ice and that the temperature can be extremely low.
On icy and snow-covered roads, there is little friction, and as a result, driving is different than on asphalt.
During snowstorms, enough snow can fall in a very short period of time to cause problems.
Visibility can also be impaired by falling or blowing snow, or by condensation or ice on the vehicle windows.
On the other hand, ice and snow are normal in many countries and do not hinder traffic here.
The biggest tourist attraction in Africa is safaris, which for many visitors are the highlight of their trip.
In popular usage, the term safari refers to travel over land to observe the magnificent African wildlife, particularly on the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, often come close to cars, and standard equipment makes for a good viewing experience.
If you want to see lions, cheetahs, and leopards, you need binoculars. Otherwise, your chances of seeing them are slim.
A walking safari (also called a 'forest walk' or 'loopsafari') involves walking for several hours or days in a row.
The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021, with some events taking place in other locations in Japan.
Tokyo will become the only Asian city to have hosted the Olympic Games twice, the first time being in 1964.
If you have already booked flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you may find yourself in a difficult situation.
Cancellation policies vary, but as of the end of March, most coronavirus-based cancellation policies are no longer valid until July 2020, when the Olympic Games were scheduled to take place.
It is expected that most tickets for events will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000. Normal tickets will cost around ¥7,000.
You can dry damp clothes by ironing them. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board available. You can often borrow these items, even if they are not in the room.
If there is no iron available or if you do not want to wear ironed socks, you can also use a hair dryer if available.
Make sure the fabric doesn’t get too hot (this could cause it to shrink or, in extreme cases, burn).
You can purify water in different ways, some of which are effective at countering specific risks.
In some areas it is sufficient to boil water for a minute, in other areas water must be boiled for several minutes.
Not every filter is equally effective, so in case of doubt it is best to drink water from a sealed bottle from a reliable company.
Travellers may encounter animal pests that do not exist in their own country.
Pests can spoil food, cause irritation or, in the worst case, trigger allergic reactions, spread poison or transmit infections.
Normally, infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that injure or kill people through violence, are not considered pests.
Tax-free shopping means that you can buy goods that are exempt from taxes and duties in certain locations.
Travellers going to countries with high taxes can sometimes save a significant amount of money when it comes to products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
Point Marion and Fairmont are connected by the highway from Buffalo to Pittsburgh, and you often drive through abandoned areas, which makes this route a real challenge.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you. You will encounter many steep hills, narrow streets, and sharp bends.
The posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and adjacent areas — usually around 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) — and it’s even more important to adhere to them here than elsewhere.
Surprisingly enough, you have a lot more coverage here than in other parts of the route, such as the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German pastries taste great and in Bavaria the pastries are quite rich and varied, just like those of our southern neighbours, Austria.
You can find a lot of fruit pastries. Throughout the year, the pastries contain apples, and in the summer months, they also contain cherries and plums.
Many popular German pastries contain almonds, hazelnuts and other nuts, and go perfectly with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want a few small but mighty pastries, try some that are known in the region as Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen.
To make a curry, you need spicy and pungent ingredients, combined with vegetables or meat.
Depending on the amount of liquid used, a curry can be ‘dry’ or ‘wet’.
In the interior of North India and also in Pakistan, yoghurt is often used in curries; in South India and in some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is often used instead.
The Indonesian cuisine includes dishes from 17,000 islands and is an umbrella term for a variety of regional cuisines from all over the country.
But without additional information, the term refers to food that originates from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
The Javanese cuisine is now available throughout the archipelago and offers various simple spiced dishes. The most common Javanese flavourings are nuts, peppers, sugar (mainly Javanese coconut sugar) and various fragrant herbs.
Foot rests support the rider's feet and hang down on both sides of the saddle.
They provide the rider with more stability, but can also pose safety issues because a rider's feet can get trapped in them.
If a rider is thrown off a horse but manages to hang on with their foot in the stirrup, they can be dragged along with the horse. To reduce the risk, a number of safety measures have been put in place.
Most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, fairly narrow sole, first and foremost.
Some saddles, particularly English saddles, have safety bars that can prevent a saddle horn from coming loose when the saddle is pulled backwards after a rider falls off a horse.
Cochamó Valley - This is the most popular climbing destination in Chile, known as the Yosemite of South America, and has many different large granite walls and rocks.
The mountain peaks offer breathtaking views, and climbers from all over the world are constantly discovering new routes on the rock faces, which seem to have endless potential.
Winter sports that involve descending, such as skiing and snowboarding, are very popular. You slide down a snow-covered slope with skis or a snowboard on your feet.
Skiing is a popular travel activity with many enthusiasts, who are sometimes referred to as 'ski bums', who plan entire holidays around skiing at a particular location.
Skiing has been around for a very long time: there are cave paintings of skiers dating back to 5000 BC!
The origins of skiing can be traced back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski resort in Australia was opened by Norwegians.
Backpacking with skis: this activity is also known as off-piste skiing, skitouring or ski hiking.
It’s not exactly the same, but it’s similar to alpine skiing or mountain climbing, which is a lot of what is done on steep terrain. Here, you need much sturdier skis and boots.
You can think of the ski route as a hiking route.
In good conditions, you can cover greater distances than when walking, but it is rare that you can reach the speed of cross-country skiing on prepared pistes without a heavy backpack.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but with many independent countries. Normally, travelers have to apply for visas and undergo passport checks multiple times when moving between different countries.
The Schengen area functions, in this regard, almost like a single country.
As long as you remain in this zone, you can usually cross the border without having to undergo passport control again.
If you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa separately for each Schengen country, which saves time, money and paperwork.
There is no universal definition that indicates which produced items are considered antiques. Some tax offices give the definition of antiques to goods that are older than 100 years.
The definition can vary per location; in North America, for example, the age limit is lower than in Europe.
It is possible to label handmade products as antiques, even if they are newer than similar mass-produced items.
Among the Sámi, reindeer husbandry is an important form of livelihood. The culture surrounding the trade is also very important for many with other professions.
Even traditionally, however, not all Sámi were involved in large-scale reindeer husbandry. They made a living from fishing, hunting, and similar activities, and reindeer were mostly used as draft animals.
Many Sámi work in modern professions today. In Sápmi, the Sámi region, tourism is an important source of income.
The word ‘gypsy’ is mainly used by non-Roma, but it is also often considered offensive due to the associations with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Roma.
If a travel advisory applies to the country you are planning to visit, this may have consequences for your travel health insurance or cancellation insurance.
In addition to the advice of your own government, you can also consult the advice of other governments, but their advice is aimed at their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East may be faced with different situations than Europeans or Arabs.
Reports only include a brief summary of the political situation in a single country.
They often provide a superficial, general and extremely simplistic view compared to other, more detailed sources.
Severe weather is the general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can lead to damage, serious social disruption or loss of life.
Extreme weather conditions can occur anywhere in the world. There are different types of weather conditions, which vary based on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
Examples of phenomena and consequences of severe weather include strong winds, hail, heavy rainfall, and forest fires, as well as thunderstorms, tornadoes, flash floods, and hurricanes.
Snowstorms, ice storms and dust storms are just a few examples of regional and seasonal extreme weather phenomena.
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of the risks that severe weather conditions in their area may entail, as these may also affect some travel plans.
Anyone who wants to visit a country considered a war zone should receive professional training.
A search on the internet for 'course in hostile environments' is likely to yield the address of a local company.
In a course, all the issues outlined here are normally covered in more detail, usually in combination with practical experience.
A course normally lasts 2 to 5 days and consists of role-playing exercises, a lot of first aid training, and occasional weapons training.
There are many books and magazines with articles about survival in the wilderness, but there are very few publications about war zones.
Travellers who have planned a gender-reassignment surgery abroad should ensure they have the correct documentation for their return journey.
This varies widely, with some governments willing to issue passports without a gender (X) designation, or to update a name or gender on documents.
There is just as much variation in the willingness of foreign governments to recognize these documents.
Searches during security checks have also become much more extensive since September 11th, 2001.
Transgender individuals who have not yet undergone surgery can assume that they will not emerge from this scan with their privacy and dignity intact.
Muiren are the recurring surge of waves that break on a reef or similar feature and flow onto the beach.
Due to the submarine topography, the return flow is located in some deeper areas, where a fast current towards deep water can occur.
Most of the deaths are caused by exhaustion after trying to swim against the current, which could be impossible.
When you manage to escape from the strong current, swimming back is a piece of cake.
Try to focus on a spot where you won't be caught again, and depending on your skills and whether you've been spotted, you can also wait for help.
The shock of returning is worse than the culture shock (you have a lesser ‘honeymoon feeling’), it lasts longer, and it can be more intense.
Travelers who easily adapt to new cultures sometimes have difficulty adapting to their own culture again.
If you have lived abroad and then returned, you have adapted to the new culture and in the process lost some of the habits from your own culture.
In the past, when you went abroad, you noticed that people were patient and understanding. They understood that travelers needed time to adjust to a new country.
Usually, patience and understanding are not expected for travellers returning home.
For children, the pyramid show with light and sound is one of the most interesting activities in the area.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show starts.
Often, the sound of vendors and tourists can be heard here. The story of the light and sound is like that of a book.
The Sphinx forms the backdrop and is the narrator of a long story.
The scenes appear as a projection on the pyramids, and the rest of the pyramids are highlighted.
The South Shetland Islands were discovered in 1819 and have since been claimed by various countries. They have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020.
The archipelago is located 120 km north of the peninsula. The largest island is King George Island, with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Others include Livingston Island and Deception. Here you will find the overflowing crater of an active volcano, which serves as a spectacular natural harbor.
Ellsworth is located on the southern side of the peninsula, near the border with the Bellingshausen Sea.
Here, the mountains of the peninsula give way to the plateau, after which they emerge again to form the 360 km long mountain range of Mount Ellsworth, which is crossed by the Minnesota glacier.
The northern part, also known as the Sentinel Range, includes the highest mountains in Antarctica, the Vinson Massif. Mount Vinson is the highest mountain at 4892 meters.
A satellite phone may be your only option in remote locations where there is no mobile phone reception.
A satellite phone is not really a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outside in an open area with a clear view of the satellite in order to make a phone call.
This service is often used by the shipping industry, including recreational vessels, and for expeditions that require external data and communication.
Your local telephone provider can provide you with more information on how to connect to this service.
It is becoming increasingly popular for people who plan to take a gap year to travel and learn.
School leavers in particular make use of this opportunity to take a gap year before university without it having any negative consequences for their education.
Often, enrolling in a course of study abroad during a gap year can increase your chances of returning to higher education in your own country.
Normally, tuition fees must be paid in order to enroll in these educational programs.
Finland is a fantastic destination for boating. The ‘Land of a Thousand Lakes’ also has thousands of islands, both in the lakes and in the archipelagos off the coast.
A yacht is not necessarily required for the archipels or lakes.
The archipelagos off the coast and the largest lakes are indeed big enough for any yacht, but with smaller boats or even a kayak you get a completely different experience.
In Finland, so many people sail in their free time that the ratio of boats to people is one to seven or eight.
This figure is equal to the figures for Norway, Sweden and New Zealand. Furthermore, it is quite unique (in the Netherlands, for example, the figure is one in forty).
Most Baltic cruises include a long stay in Saint Petersburg (Russia).
This way, you can spend several full days in the historic town and spend the night on the ship.
Since 2009, you do not need a separate visa if you only go ashore during a boat excursion.
Some cruises include a visit to the German capital city of Berlin, but as you can see on the map, Berlin is not located close to the sea. A visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Flying can be daunting for people of all backgrounds and ages, especially if they have never flown before or have had a traumatic experience.
It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from many fears that other people also have.
If you know how planes work, this can help to alleviate the fear that comes from the unknown or the feeling of not having control over the plane.
Courier companies receive a generous compensation for delivering items quickly. For business documents, goods or spare parts for a necessary repair, time often plays a very important role.
Larger companies could use their own planes for certain routes, but for other routes it was more difficult for smaller companies.
If they ship things by air, it can take days for them to be unloaded and cleared by customs on some routes.
Only checked baggage can be processed more quickly. According to the rules of airlines, there must be a corresponding passenger, and that is you.
The most obvious way to fly first or business class is to pay a lot of money for this privilege (or, even better, have your employer pay for it).
However, this is not cheap: the rule of thumb is that you pay about four times as much for business class as for economy, and about eleven times as much for first class.
It is usually not worth looking for discounts for business class or first class tickets on direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know all too well that there is a group of flyers who are willing to pay a lot of money to fly somewhere quickly and comfortably, and so these companies charge appropriate fees for this service.
Chişinău is the capital of Moldova. Here, the Romanian language is predominantly spoken, but the Russian language is also widely used.
As a multi-ethnic republic, Moldova was plagued by an ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed republic of Transnistria in the east of Moldova. This republic has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by members of the UN.
New economic ties have been established between these two parts of Moldova, despite the fact that the political negotiations failed.
Orthodox Christianity is the main religion in Moldova.
İzmir is the third-largest city in Turkey with approximately 3.7 million inhabitants, the largest port after Istanbul, and a major transport hub.
The once ancient city of İzmir is now a modern, developed and busy commercial center on a bay, surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, the glass buildings and the modern shopping centres covered in red roof tiles, the 18th-century markets, the old mosques and churches, but still the city feels more like a Mediterranean, European city than traditionally Turkish.
In the village of Haldarsvík you can enjoy views of the nearby island of Eysturoy, as well as a special church with eight corners.
A number of graves near the church feature fascinating marble sculptures of doves.
If you have half an hour to spare, you should definitely take a look around this village.
In the north you will find the easily accessible, romantic and fascinating town of Sintra. Sintra became famous among foreigners after Lord Byron spoke highly of the beautiful monuments there.
The Scotturb bus 403 runs regularly to Sintra, with a stop at Cabo da Roca.
Also head north to see the stunning Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (a temple complex), where internationally renowned Marian apparitions took place.
Remember that you are essentially just visiting a mass grave, but also a place that holds almost immeasurable significance for a large portion of the world’s population.
Many men and women who survived their time here are still alive, and many of them have loved ones who were murdered there or died from the work, both Jewish and non-Jewish.
Show all appropriate respect, solemnity, and dignity during your visit. Do not trivialise the Holocaust or Nazism.
Do not damage the site by adding markings or graffiti on the structures.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the inhabitants prefer to speak Catalan, the vast majority can understand it, and almost everyone speaks Spanish.
Nonetheless, most signs are in Catalan, as this is the first official language according to the law.
Spanish is frequently spoken in public transportation and other facilities.
Ordinary announcements in the metro are only in Catalan, but unplanned interruptions are made by an automated system in several languages, including French, Arabic, Spanish, English, and even Japanese.
The inhabitants of Paris are known for being selfish, rude and arrogant.
Although this is usually just an incorrect stereotype, it can't hurt to put your best foot forward in Paris and act like someone who is "bien élevé" (well-mannered). This will make it a lot easier to explore Paris.
The tough exterior of Parisians quickly disappears when you show that you are familiar with their way of doing things.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, and this forested area consists mainly of beech, spruce, and pine trees, and includes a combination of alpine and Mediterranean flora.
There are an incredibly large number of different plant communities, due to the various microclimates, different types of soil, and varying differences in elevation.
This area is also the habitat of a very wide range of animal and bird species.
Rare animals such as the European brown bear, the wolf, the eagle, the owl, the lynx, the wild cat and the capercaillie can be found here, alongside many more common species.
When women visit a monastery, they are required to wear a skirt that reaches above the knee and their shoulders must be covered.
Usually, as a woman, you are given a shawl if you arrive unprepared at a monastery, but if you bring your own, with bright and bold colors, the monk or nun at the entrance will smile at you kindly.
On the other hand, men are required to wear pants that reach at least above their knees.
You can also borrow these items from the stock at the entrance, but this clothing is not washed after each use, so you might not feel comfortable wearing it. One size fits all for men!
Like many other Mediterranean regions, the cuisine of Majorca is based on bread, vegetables and meat (especially pork), and makes extensive use of olive oil.
A simple and popular dish for dinner, especially during the summer months, is Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomatoes, and whatever flavourings are available, such as cheese, tuna, etc.
Independent nouns, just like Sie (you) in this sentence, always have a capital letter at the beginning, even if they are in the middle of a sentence.
This is how you make a significant distinction between a number of verbs and objects.
It also probably makes reading easier. However, writing is more complicated, because you have to figure out whether a verb or an adjective should be used as a noun.
Most Italian words are written exactly as they are pronounced, so pronunciation generally poses few problems.
You should pay the most attention to the c and the g. The pronunciation of these letters depends on the following vowel.
You also need to pronounce the r and rr differently: caro means sweetheart, while carro means car.
The Persian language has a relatively simple and mostly regular grammar.
Reading this introduction to the grammar will therefore teach you a lot about the grammar of Persian and help you understand sentences.
It is quite logical that if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
But people who speak a bit of Spanish can easily conclude that Portuguese is so similar that you don’t need to learn it separately.
Pre-modern observatories are now outdated and serve as museums or educational landmarks.
Light pollution was not such a big problem back then as it is now, so they were often built in cities or on campuses, making them more accessible than they are now.
Most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities built in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Hanami is the act of observing cherry blossoms, and has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
In China, plum blossoms were the favorite flowers and this is where the concept originated.
The first cherry blossom festivals in Japan were organized by the emperor and were intended only for himself and other aristocrats at the imperial court.
Plants look their best in a natural environment, which means you have to resist the temptation to remove even just one species.
If you collect samples during a visit to an established garden, you will be denied access to the garden immediately and without discussion.
Singapore is generally a very safe place to stay, very easy to navigate and almost everything is available upon arrival.
But if you are in the ‘high tropics’, just a few degrees north of the equator, you experience both heat (always) and strong sun (when the air is clear, which happens less often).
There are also a few buses heading north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs Isaac, Jacob, and Abraham, and their wives.
Make sure that the bus you take actually goes to Hebron and doesn't just drive to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a great holiday destination.
For example, you can visit castles in the Loire Valley or the Rhine Valley, book a cruise to the interesting cities along the Danube, or take a boat trip along the Erie Canal.
They also provide popular walking and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, celebrating the birth of Jesus.
In addition, people who do not believe in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world have adopted many traditions associated with the holiday.
There is a tradition whereby you stay up all of Easter night until you can finally see the sunrise.
It goes without saying that there are Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could just as well be a pre-Christian spring and fertility ritual.
In traditional churches, a Easter Vigil is often held on the Saturday evening of the Easter weekend, during which the congregations often celebrate a feast in honor of the resurrection of Christ at midnight.
All animals that originally arrived at the islands did so by swimming, flying or drifting.
Due to the long distance from the mainland, it was not possible for mammals to make the journey, which is why the giant tortoise became the most common grazing mammal on the Galapagos Islands.
Since humans set foot on the Galapagos, all sorts of mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats, and dogs.
During the winter, polar night occurs in the Arctic and Antarctic regions, which means that the sun does not actually rise.
There is a good chance that you will be able to see the aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark most of the day and night.
The areas are sparsely populated, which means that light pollution is not often a problem, which means that you can also enjoy the starry sky.
The Japanese work environment is more structured and formal than in the Western world.
Packages are standard work clothing and colleagues refer to each other by their last name or job title.
Unity in the workplace is of crucial importance; the focus is on group performance rather than on rewarding individual work performance.
Employees often need permission from their supervisors before they can make a decision, and they are expected to follow the instructions of their supervisors without question.
