"In the meantime, we have 4-month-old mice that do not have diabetes, but that did have it earlier," he added.
Professor Ehud Ur in medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, also chair of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association, reminded that they have only just begun the research.
Like some other experts, he is sceptical about whether his diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings are of no value to people who already have type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel committee for literature at the Swedish Academy, announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden that the committee was unable to reach Bob Dylan directly to tell him that he had won the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature and would no longer attempt to reach him.
Danius stated, "We are currently doing nothing. I have called and emailed his closest collaborator and received friendly responses. At this moment, that is enough."
Earlier, Jamie Siminoff, the CEO of Ring, noted that the company was founded when his doorbell from the store was not audible in his garage.
He said that he made a Wi-Fi doorbell as a result.
Siminoff said sales surged after he appeared on an episode of Shark Tank in 2013, in which the show's panel didn't want to fund the start-up.
At the end of 2017, Siminoff appeared on the teleshopping channel QVC.
Ring also settled a lawsuit with ADT Corporation, a competing security company.
One experimental vaccine appears to be able to reduce Ebola mortality, but so far no drugs have been clearly shown to be suitable for treating existing infections.
A cocktail of antibodies, ZMapp, was initially promising in the field. However, official investigations showed that it had fewer benefits than desired in preventing people from dying.
ZMapp was a control in the PALM trial, so scientists used it as a baseline and compared the other three treatment methods to it.
The United States Olympic Committee has the support of USA Gymnastics and understands that it is necessary for the Olympic family to promote a safe place for all athletes.
We agree with the USOC's statement that it is in the best interest of our athletes and clubs, and their sport, to make meaningful changes to our organization rather than to take certifications.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that can provide more clarity on how abuse on this scale, so bravely described by the victims of Larry Nassar, could go unnoticed for so long, and embraces all necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal: to ensure that athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive, and empowering environment by making gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible.
During the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as an advisor for John F. Kennedy and later for the government of Lyndon B. Johnson.
He advised Carter on foreign policy during the 1976 election campaign. He then succeeded Henry Kissinger as National Security Advisor (NSA), a position he held from 1977 to 1981.
As NSA, he assisted Carter in the diplomatic handling of global issues, such as the Camp David Accords in 1978, the stabilization of the relationship between the US and China in the late 1970s, and the Iranian Revolution, the subsequent hostage crisis, and the Soviet Union's invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The film starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone was nominated for all the major categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated for Best Actor and Best Actress respectively.
Among the other nominations were the categories for best film, director, cinematography, costume design, film editing, original music, production design, music, sound effects, and original screenplay.
The songs Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars from the film were nominated for Best Original Song. Lionsgate received 26 nominations, a record for a studio.
In a statement from his press secretary, the American President Donald Trump announced on Sunday evening that American troops would withdraw from Syria.
The announcement came after a telephone conversation between Trump and the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
According to the communiqué, the Turks also indicated that they would start guarding the captured ISIS fighters, whom Europe did not want to take back.
This not only proves the already widespread theory that at least certain dinosaurs had feathers, but also provides more details than fossils, such as the color and three-dimensional placement.
According to scientists, the plumage of this animal was chestnut brown with a pale or carotenoid-colored underside.
The discovery also provides insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
The researchers concluded that the rachis was probably a later evolutionary development, because dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, or rachis, but do have other features of feathers - such as barbs.
The structure of the feathers seems to indicate that they were not used for flying, but for regulating temperature or for their appearance. The researchers suggested that this is the tail of a young dinosaur, but that this monster actually shows adult feathers and thus does not show the down of a chick.
The researchers suggested that, despite being the tail of a young dinosaur, the monster had the plumage of an adult and not the down of a chick.
Yesterday morning, a car bomb exploded at the main police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey. Two police officers were killed and more than twenty other people were injured.
Among the wounded are nineteen police officers, said the governor.
The police suspect a supposed Daesh militant (ISIS) of the attack.
This showed that the sun follows the same basic principles as other stars: all star activity in the system is based solely on the brightness and rotation of the stars.
The brightness and rotation are used to determine the Rossby number of a star. This is related to plasma flow.
The fewer Rossby waves, the less active the star is when it comes to magnetic reversals.
Iwasaki got into trouble at various points during his journey.
Pirates robbed him, a rabid dog attacked him in Tibet, he escaped marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard is compatible with both frequencies: 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz.
As long as the base station has dual radios, this allows backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g.
Speeds of 802.11n are substantially faster than those of predecessors with a maximum theoretical capacity of 600Mbit/s.
Duvall is married with two children and did not make a big impression on Miller, to whom the story was related.
In response to a request for comment, Millar said: 'Mike talks a lot during the hearing... I was preparing myself, so I wasn't really listening to him.'
"We are making every effort to reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP in 2020 by a significant margin compared to the level of 2005," said Hu.
He has not set any figures for the cuts, saying that they will be determined based on China's economic output.
Hu urged developing countries to "avoid the old way of first polluting and then cleaning up".
He added that 'they should not, on the other hand, be asked to take on commitments that are beyond their development, level, responsibility and capabilities.'
The Iraqi study group presented their report today at 12:00 GMT.
The warning is that no one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this time will put an end to sectarian warfare, escalating violence or the tendency towards chaos.
At the beginning of the report, there is a plea for an open discussion and for consensus-building in the US on policy regarding the Middle East.
The report is highly critical of virtually every aspect of current administration policy towards Iraq and urges a change of course.
The report contains 78 recommendations, the first of which is that diplomatic action must be taken this year to protect the Iraqi borders from hostile forces and to restore diplomatic relations with neighboring countries.
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, senator and the wife of the Argentine president, announced last night in La Plata, a city 50 km (31 miles) away from Buenos Aires, that she wants to run for president.
Mrs Kirchner announced her intention to run for the presidency at the Argentine Theatre, where she started her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the Buenos Aires provincial legislature.
The debate arose from a discussion about investing and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina. Some fiscal conservatives jokingly referred to this as "The New Orleans Deal of Bush."
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort is focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to alleged insiders from Washington.
The funeral was attended by more than four million people in Rome.
There were so many attendees that not everyone was able to gain access to the funeral at St. Peter's Square.
Large television screens were set up in various places in Rome so that people could watch the ceremony.
Similar setups were created in many other Italian cities and around the world, especially in Poland. A large number of people were watching here.
Historians have criticized earlier FBI policies for focusing their resources on easily solved cases, mainly those involving stolen cars, in order to boost the agency's success rate.
Starting in fiscal year 2005, Congress funded the anti-obscenity initiative and mandated that the FBI devote ten agents to adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the highest score of the innings with 70 runs in just 41 balls, hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
In the middle order, the batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid performed well and together made a hundred runs.
But after India lost the captain's wicket, they only scored 36 runs while losing 7 wickets to end the innings.
United States President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore in the morning on November 16 for a week-long tour of Asia.
He was received by Wong Kan Seng, the Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore, and discussed issues related to trade and terrorism with the Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong.
Bush spoke to an audience about increasing trade relations with Asia after the losses in the midterm elections this week.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the government's Clean Air Act to a committee for all parties to review, prior to second reading, following a 25-minute meeting with NDP leader Jack Layton at the PMO on Tuesday.
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, Layton asked for changes to the Conservative's environmental law, asking for the 'thorough and complete rewriting' of the Conservative's environmental law.
Since the federal government took over funding of the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the government and some federal parliamentarians have criticised the law as a stunt during the early period of the federal election, which is held in November.
However, Prime Minister John Howard has stated that the law is only intended to prevent the Tasmanian government from downgrading the hospital's facilities by allocating an additional AUD 45 million.
According to the latest bulletin, the state of the sea level indicated a tsunami. Some clear tsunami activity was recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
There have been no major damage or serious injuries reported in Tonga, although power was out for some time. This may have prevented the Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning from the PTWC.
The warnings were lifted, but still, 14 schools in Hawaii were closed all day Wednesday, either on or near coastlines.
George W. Bush, the leader of the US, welcomed the announcement.
A spokesman for Bush, Gordon Johndroe, described North Korea's pledge as "a major step forward in our goal of denuclearizing the Korean peninsula."
The tenth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, subtropical storm Jerry, formed today over the Atlantic Ocean.
According to the NHC (National Hurricane Center), Jerry currently poses no threat to the mainland.
According to calculations by the U.S. Corps of Engineers, 6 inches of rain could potentially cause the previously damaged levees to break.
In the Ninth Ward, during Hurricane Katrina, the water level was over 20 feet high. Even now, the water level is up to the middle, because the nearby levee could not hold back the water.
The water flows over a 100 foot wide section over the dike.
Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustrations about the deletion during his conversation with Wikinews last month.
"He [Wales] basically lied to us from the beginning. Firstly by pretending it was for legal reasons. Secondly by just pretending he was listening to us until he removed the art."
The frustrations within the community resulted in the current attempts to establish a policy regarding the sexual content of the site that hosts millions of pieces of media content under an open license.
The completed work was primarily theoretical in nature, but the program was written for the purpose of simulating observations of the Sagittarius Galaxy.
The team was looking for the effect that would be caused by the tidal forces between the dark matter of the universe and that of the Milky Way.
Similar to how the moon exerts force on the Earth, leading to tides, the Milky Way exerts force on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The researchers concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way that it affects ordinary matter.
According to this theory, the largest part of the dark matter in a galaxy is located around it, in a kind of ring, and consists of a large number of smaller particles.
On television footage you can see white smoke coming from the plant.
Local authorities are issuing the following warning: residents living near the factory should stay indoors, turn off air conditioners, and not drink tap water.
The Japanese Nuclear Energy Agency reports that radioactive cesium and iodine have been detected at the plant
The authorities suspect that this indicates that containers with uranium fuel may have cracked and leaked at the site.
XDR-TB (Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis) was discovered by Dr. Tony Moll in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa.
He stated in an interview that the new variant is "very, very worrying and concerning because of the very high mortality rate".
Dr. Moll thinks that some patients contracted the disease in the hospital, including two hospital care workers.
A single infected person can potentially infect 10 to 15 close contacts in a year.
However, the percentage of XDR-TB among all tuberculosis patients still seems low: 6000 out of 330,000 infected people in total at any one time in South Africa.
The satellites, both of which weighed more than 1,000 pounds and were moving at about 17,500 miles per hour, collided 491 miles above Earth.
Scientists say that a huge explosion was created by the collision.
They are still trying to figure out how big the collision was and how it will affect the Earth.
The United States Strategic Command of the American Department of Defense is tracking the debris.
The result of the plot analysis is posted on a public website.
An employee of the children's hospital in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is being charged with aggravated murder according to official sources in Ohio after the body of her mother was found in the trunk of her car on Wednesday.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found lying in the roadway in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, wearing only a T-shirt, underwear and heavily medicated.
She sent officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
At this location, they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanianaan, age 53, which was covered with blood-stained blankets.
The police stated that the body had been there for about a day.
The first cases of the disease were reported this season at the end of July.
Pigs carry the disease and transmit it to humans via mosquitoes.
The government of India has decided, in response to the epidemic, to deploy people to catch pigs in the most affected parts of the country, distribute thousands of mosquito nets, and spread pesticides.
The government has promised several million encephalitis vaccines so that health authorities can prepare for next year.
Plans to deliver vaccines this year to the places that have been historically most affected have been delayed due to a lack of funding and the low priority given to other diseases.
Słania moved to Sweden in 1956, where he started working for the Swedish postal service three years later and became the chief engraver.
He produced more than 1000 stamps for Sweden and another 28 countries.
His work is recognized for its quality and detail, and his name is a household name among stamp collectors. Some collectors focus solely on collecting his work.
The beautiful postage stamp 'Great Deeds by Swedish Kings', created by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000 and mentioned in the Guinness Book of Records, was his 1,000th postage stamp.
For many countries, he designed engravings for banknotes. Recent examples of his work are the portraits of the Prime Minister on the front of the new Canadian banknotes of 5 and 100 dollars.
After the accident, Gibson was taken to the hospital where he died shortly thereafter.
The 64-year-old truck driver was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was removed from the scene of the accident at around 12:00 GMT the same day.
An employee of a garage near the accident said: 'Children were waiting to cross the road and they were all screaming and crying.'
They all ran back from the scene of the accident.
Other topics on the agenda in Bali include the protection of remaining forests in the world, as well as the sharing of technologies to help developing countries grow in a less polluting way.
The UN also hopes to establish a fund to help countries that are affected by global warming to deal with its consequences.
Flood-resistant homes, more efficient water management and crop diversification could be investments where the money could be used.
Fluke wrote the following: some people tried to stop women from speaking out about women's health, but these attempts were unsuccessful.
They based this on the many positive comments and expressions of support from both men and women who believed that contraception should be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting stopped after the wounded were transported to the hospital, about 40 of the other remaining prisoners remained in the courtyard and refused to return to their cells.
Negotiators made an attempt to get the situation back on track, but the prisoners' demands are unclear.
Between 10 p.m. and 11 p.m. local time, prisoners set fire to the courtyard.
Agents dressed in riot gear quickly entered the garden and drove the prisoners into a corner with tear gas.
The fire department was able to declare the fire under control at 11:35 a.m.
The seasonal floods that would have spread sediment through the river ended after the construction of the dam in 1963.
This sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as habitats for wild animals.
The result was that two species of fish became extinct and two other species are threatened with extinction, including the Gila cypha.
After the flood, the water level will only rise a few metres, but officials hope that this will be enough to restore the eroded sandbanks that lie downstream.
No tsunami warning has been issued. According to the geophysical bureau of Jakarta, this is not going to happen either because the earthquake was not of magnitude 6.5, which is the minimum requirement to issue a tsunami warning.
There was no tsunami threat, but residents still panicked and left their businesses and homes.
Although Winfrey said goodbye with tears in her eyes, she promised her fans that she would be back.
"I am not saying goodbye. This is the end of one chapter and the beginning of the next."
The Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections were won by the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, with a large lead.
Currently, the SWAPO (South West Africa People's Organisation) is the ruling party, with a majority in the parliamentary elections.
The coalition and Afghan forces entered the area to secure the location and another coalition aircraft was sent to provide support.
The helicopter crashed high in mountainous terrain and it is suspected that it was caused by enemy fire.
Attempts to locate the site of the accident are hampered by bad weather and rough terrain.
According to the medical charity Mangola, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization, it is the worst recorded outbreak in the country.
Richard Veerman, spokesperson for Doctors Without Borders, says: 'Angola is on its way to the worst outbreak ever and the situation in the country remains very bad.'
It was beautiful weather when the game started at 10.00 in the morning. In the middle of the morning there was some light rain, but it cleared up quickly. It was a perfect day for Rugby Sevens.
The tournament favourite, South Africa, started well with a comfortable win of 26 - 00 against the 5th placed Zambia.
Although they played very stiffly against their southern counterparts, South Africa managed to improve themselves in the tournament more and more.
They stood out for their tight defence, control of the ball and outstanding cooperation and were clearly the main opponent.
Amsterdam officials and employees of the Anne Frank House claim that the tree has a fungus and poses a danger to public health because, according to them, the tree could fall over.
The tree was due to be felled on Tuesday, but an emergency court order prevented this.
The entrances to the cave were called 'The Seven Sisters' and all have a diameter of at least 100 to 250 meters.
Infrared images show that the temperature differs at night and during the day, and they reveal that they are probably caves.
During the day they are cooler than the surrounding surface, and at night they are warmer.
"The thermal behavior of this is not as stable as that of large caves on Earth, which often maintain a temperature that is quite constant. What is consistent is that they are deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting has traditionally required little technology: voters go into a booth and put a pre-printed piece of paper into an envelope that indicates which candidate they are voting for.
Officials first check the voter's identity. Then the voter slides the envelope into the ballot box and then signs the voting roll.
The process is relatively tightly regulated in France's electoral law.
Ballot boxes have been required to be transparent since 1988, so that both voters and observers can see that there are no envelopes inside at the start of the voting and that no envelopes are added other than those of registered and authorized voters.
Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. Volunteers count the votes at night under strict supervision and according to specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, which was launched worldwide earlier due to cost savings and various functionalities, was extensively discussed in the Taipei IT Month of 2007.
However, the consumer market for laptop computers is very diverse and has changed since ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award in 2007 by the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
The station's website describes the show as 'old school radio drama with a new and unheard twist'!
In the beginning, the show was only broadcast via the long-running radio website TogiNet Radio, a website about talk radio shows.
At the end of 2015, the AstroNet Radio substation was established.
Local amateur voice actors from East Texas originally worked on the series.
The widespread looting reportedly took place at night because there were no law enforcement officials on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one person as an "anarchist state", where gangs roamed the streets and shops were looted of consumer goods.
In Bishkek, the blame for the unrest was placed by multiple people on demonstrators from the south.
In the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in the South African city of Rustenburg, the same country eliminated the New Zealand All Blacks in a game of the Tri Nations rugby union.
The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, which ended the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
The Springboks finally won, after losing five games in a row.
It was the last match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
The final match of the series is next week at Ellis Park in Johannesburg, as the Springboks play in Australia.
On Monday at 10:08 a.m., the west of Montana was shaken by a moderate earthquake.
There were no reports of damage at the United States Geological Survey (USGS) or the National Earthquake Information Center.
The earthquake occurred about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
On Monday, a dead wild duck was found in the marshland near Lyon in eastern France, which was confirmed to be infected with the H5N1 bird flu virus, which is fatal to humans.
After Italy, Greece, Bulgaria, Slovenia, Germany and Austria, France is the seventh country in the European Union where this virus is present.
Suspected H5N1 cases in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers accused God of "the widespread killing, destruction, and terrorizing of many millions of earth inhabitants."
Agnost Chambers says his lawsuit is 'frivolous' and that 'anyone can sue anyone.'
The French opera is a story by Camille Saint-Saens and is about an artist 'whose life is determined by the love of drugs and Japan.'
As a result, performers smoke cannabis on stage. The theater itself encourages the audience to join in.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Rep. Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth and sixth place, respectively.
When the results were announced, Gingrich praised Santorum, but criticized Romney, on behalf of whom negative campaign ads against Gingrich had been published in Iowa.
Perry stated that he would "return to Texas to assess the results of tonight's vote, in order to determine whether there is still a chance for me in this election," but later said that he would finish the election and participate in the primary election on January 21 in South Carolina.
The winner of the Ames Straw Poll in August, Bachmann, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was then taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he died.
According to sources, he was in his twenties. "I was not present or directly involved in this unfortunate incident, but I keep the victim's family in my thoughts," said a statement from Bieber.
Entertainment news website TMZ says the photographer had parked his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and was trying to take pictures of the traffic stop before he crossed the street and took more pictures, which led to the California Highway Patrol officer overseeing the traffic stop asking him twice to return to his car.
According to the police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer will probably not be prosecuted.
Only eighteen medals are awarded each day, so many countries missed out on the podium.
Among them are the Netherlands, where Anna Jochemsen came ninth yesterday in the standing class for women in the Super-G, and Finland, where Katja Saarinen came tenth in the same event.
The Australian Mitchell Gourley finished eleventh among the men in the standing Super-G. His Czech opponent Oldrich Jelinek was sixteenth in the seated Super-G.
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished in 15th place in the men's Super-G (sit-ski) event. New Zealander Adam Hall finished in 9th place in the Super-G (standing).
The blind skier Maciej Krezel of the Polish men's team and his guide Anna Ogarzynska came in thirteenth place in the Super G. The South Korean Jong Seork Park came in twenty-fourth place in the men's sitting Super-G.
The UN peacekeeping force, which came to Haiti after the earthquake of 2010, is being held responsible for the spread of the disease that broke out in the troops' camp.
The lawsuit revealed that the waste from the UN camp was poorly treated, which allowed bacteria to enter the tributary of the Artibonite, which is one of the largest rivers in Haiti.
Haiti had not suffered from the disease since 1800, until the troops arrived.
The Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti spoke of independent students who said that the Nepalese UN peace battalion had brought the disease with them to Haiti without knowing it.
According to Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert in the field of the disease, the outbreak is likely caused by the peacekeeping forces.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient has been admitted to Howard University Hospital and is in stable condition.
The patient had been to Nigeria, where the Ebola virus was already present to a small extent.
The hospital followed the infection control protocol, including isolating the patient to prevent others from becoming infected.
Before The Simpsons, Simon worked in various roles on a number of series.
In the 1980s, he appeared in shows such as Taxi, Cheers, and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, he worked with Brooks and Groening on The Simpsons and was responsible for recruiting the first writing team.
After leaving the series in 1993, he remained on paper as an executive producer, which meant he received royalties for every series, worth several tens of millions of dollars.
The Chinese news agency Xinhua previously reported that a plane had been hijacked.
Later reports also indicate that a bomb threat was made on the plane, which led to it being diverted to Afghanistan and landing in Kandahar.
Initial reports indicate that the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after it was not allowed to make an emergency landing in Ürümqi.
Airplane crashes are common in Iran. They have an outdated fleet that is poorly maintained for both civilian and military operations.
International sanctions mean that no new aircraft can be purchased.
Earlier this week, an accident with a police helicopter claimed the lives of three people and another three people were injured.
Last month, the worst airplane crash in years occurred in Iran when a plane that was on its way to Armenia crashed. The 168 passengers on board did not survive.
In the same month, another passenger plane crashed off the runway in Mashhad, crashing into a wall and killing seventeen people.
Aerosmith has cancelled the remaining concerts of their tour.
The rock band's tour was scheduled to take them through the USA and Canada until 16 September.
They cancelled the tour after singer Steven Tyler was injured when he fell off the stage during a performance on 5 August.
Murray lost the first set in a tiebreak, after both men did not give up a single point when serving throughout the set.
Del Potro had an early lead in the second set, but here too a tiebreak followed after it became 6-6.
Potro was treated for his shoulder at the time, but managed to continue the match.
The local start time of the program was 20:30 (15:00 UTC).
Famous singers from all over the country sang bhajans or religious songs at the feet of Shri Shyam.
The evening began with the singer Sanju Sharma, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. Lakka Singh also presented the Chhappan bhog bhajan, with the help of the singer Raju Khandelwal.
Lakkha Singh then sang the bhajans.
108 plates of Chhappan Bhog were served to Baba Shyam (in Hinduism, these are 56 different edible items, such as sweets, fruit, nuts, dishes, etc., which are offered to the holy figure).
Lakkha Singh also presented the Chhappan bhog bhajan, with the help of the singer Raju Khandelwal.
On Thursday, Satoru Iwata, the director of Nintendo, revealed the design of the controller for the new Nintendo Revolution during the keynote presentation at the Tokyo Game Show.
Just like a TV remote control, the controller uses two sensors located near the user's TV to determine its position in three-dimensional space.
This allows players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device through the air.
Shortly after the start, Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and was out of the race.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was in the lead for most of the race, but lost this position immediately after his pit stop, probably due to a poorly placed right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher did not finish his race long after Alonso due to the damage to the suspension caused by the many duels during the race.
In a transcript of the news conference, he said she was "a cute girl with a nice voice."
I was moved every time we rehearsed this, from the bottom of my heart.
An internal camera showed that large pieces of insulating foam were detaching from the fuel tank approximately 3 minutes after launch.
However, it is believed that these did not cause any damage to the shuttle.
The director of NASA's Shuttle Program, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said the foam fell "after the period we were concerned about."
After five minutes, the wind starts, and a minute later the wind reaches about 70 km/h... then it starts to rain, but so hard and so much that it feels like needles on your skin. Then hail falls. People panic, start screaming and run over each other.
"I lost my sister and her boyfriend. When I tried to get to them, people just jumped over two wheelchair users and pushed them away," said Armand Versace.
In addition, NHK reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating as normal.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reports that the earthquake did not cause any problems and that in the Shika nuclear power plant, reactors 1 and 2 have been shut down.
According to reports, 9,400 households in the region are without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, railway services have been suspended in the affected areas, and the airport prefecture of Noto in Ishikawa will remain closed for an extended period of time.
One bomb exploded outside the office where the Governor-General works.
Within a period of two hours, three more bombs exploded near government buildings.
Some reports estimate the official death toll at eight. Official reports confirm a maximum of 30 injuries, but the final numbers have not yet been confirmed.
Cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after eating contaminated pet food.
Researchers at the university stated that the two compounds react with each other, forming crystals that can block kidney function.
Scientists discovered that crystals are formed in cat urine when you add melanin and cyanuric acid to it.
The composition of these crystals has similarities to that of the urine of the affected pets, compared with infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don't know if you realize this, but most goods from Central America entered this country without having to pay taxes.
And yet, eighty percent of our goods were taxed using rates from countries in Central America.
I found that very strange; it was undoubtedly unfair.
All I want to say is that you treat us the way we treat you.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, the governor of California, has signed a bill that makes it illegal to sell or rent violent video games to minors.
Under this law, violent video games sold in the state of California must have an '18' sticker. Selling to a minor is punishable by a fine of $1000 per offense.
Kier Starmer QC, director of public prosecutions, said this morning that he wants to prosecute both Pryce and Huhne.
Huhne has resigned. In the cabinet, MP Ed Davey is his replacement, while MP Norman Lamb is expected to take over Davey's duties as Minister of Trade.
Huhne and Pryce are expected to appear before the Westminster Magistrates Court on 16 February.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was the driver of the vehicle.
Edgar Veguilla was injured in his arm and jaw, and Kristoffer Schneider had to undergo a reconstructive facial surgery.
Uka's weapon jammed as he aimed it at the head of a fifth man. Schneider has chronic pain, is blind in one eye, has a missing section of skull and his face has been reconstructed with titanium.
Schneider gave his statement via video link from a USAF base in the country he came from.
In addition to the event on Wednesday, Carpanedo also participated in two individual races of the championship.
Her first was the slalom, where she received a Did Not Finish at her first run. 36 of the 116 participants received the same result in that race.
In the other race she participated in, the standing giant slalom, she was tenth among the women, with a combined time of 4:41:30. That is 2:11:60 minutes slower than the Austrian winner Claudia Loesch, and 1:09:02 minutes slower than the Hungarian Gyöngyi Dani, who finished ninth.
Four skiers from the women's slalom sitting group were unable to finish their runs, and 45 of the 117 skiers in the giant slalom failed to qualify during the race.
The stolen laptop and mobile phone have been found by the police of Madhya Pradesh.
According to assistant inspector general D. K. Arya, five of the rapists of the Swedish woman have been arrested and they found her mobile phone and laptop.
Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar are the suspects.
According to police commissioner Chandra Shekhar Solanki, the suspects covered their faces when they appeared in court.
There were three people in the house when the car hit the house, but none of them were injured.
The driver did, however, suffer serious head injuries.
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed while emergency services tried to free the driver from the red Audi TT.
Initially he was taken to Great Yarmouth, to the James Paget Hospital.
He was then transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has since been sentenced in the Edinburgh Sheriff Court for the murder of her son.
She is in custody pending charges and trial, but the eyewitness account may be a red herring because her story has been widely published.
This is standard practice in the rest of the UK, but justice in Scotland works differently and courts have deemed the publication of photos as possibly detrimental.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes that 'journalists are playing a dangerous game when they publish photos etc. of suspects.'
The Crown Office has overall control of prosecutions and has told journalists that no further statements will be made, at least until charges are laid.
According to sources, the document refers to a dispute settlement, something that the Palestinians have been eager to achieve based on the borders before the war in the Middle East in 1967.
Other topics discussed were the future status of Jerusalem, a city that is holy to both peoples, and the problems in the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands that a permanent military presence be maintained in the valley for ten years after the signing of an agreement. The PA, however, is only willing to accept a presence of five years.
Archers in the supplementary trial for pest control had to be closely monitored by forest rangers. The trial was in fact being followed and its effectiveness was being assessed.
In a partnership between the NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited for the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program.
According to Mick O'Flynn, acting director for park conservation and heritage at the NPWS, the four chosen marksmen for the first shooting operation have had extensive safety and training instructions.
Yesterday Martelly swore in a nine-member new provisional electoral council (Provisional Electoral Council of CEP).
With this, Martelly has achieved a CEP five times in the past four years.
Last month, the presidential commission recommended the resignation of the previous National Electoral Council, as part of a package of measures to bring new elections to the country.
The commission was established by Martelly in response to widespread protests against the government that have taken place since October.
The sometimes violent protests arose from the failure to hold elections, some of which were supposed to have taken place as far back as 2011.
About 60 cases have been reported of defective iPods overheating, resulting in six fires and four people with minor burns.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said it was aware of the 27 accidents linked to the devices.
Last week, METI announced that Apple had reported 34 additional incidents of overheating, which the company called "not serious."
"Very regrettable," was the response of the ministry to the fact that Apple has delayed the report.
Mariana was hit by the earthquake at 07.19 local time (Friday 21.19 GMT).
The Northern Mariana Islands Emergency Management Office stated that no damage has been reported on a national level.
In addition, the National Tsunami Warning Center reported that there was no tsunami warning.
In Manila, the capital of the Philippines, a former Filipino police officer has taken tourists from Hong Kong hostage by hijacking their bus.
Rolando Mendoza shot the tourists with his M16 rifle.
Several hostages have been brought to safety and so far at least six fatalities have been confirmed.
Six hostages were released earlier, including the children and elderly, and the Filipino photographers.
Later, the photographers returned in exchange for an elderly woman who needed to use the toilet. Mendoza was eventually shot.
Liggins went to work in medicine, following in his father's footsteps.
Educated as a midwife, he started working in 1959 at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland.
While working at the hospital, Liggins conducted research on premature birth in his free time.
His research showed that the maturation of the foetal lungs of babies was speeded up by administering a hormone.
Xinhua reported that government investigators found two "black boxes" with flight recorders on Wednesday.
Co-wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said, 'Luna was the first 'Queen of Extreme'. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. As unique as she was. A strong woman.'
Dustin 'Goldust' Runnels said that 'Luna was just as weird as me... maybe even weirder... I love her and will miss her... hopefully she's in a better place'.
Of the 1,400 people surveyed for the 2010 federal election, the number of people who opposed Australia becoming a republic increased by 8 per cent since 2008.
Outgoing Prime Minister Julia Gillard said during the campaign for the 2010 federal elections that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
Thirty-four percent of the participants in this poll supported this position. They want Queen Elizabeth II to be the last monarch of Australia.
Twenty-nine percent of respondents thought Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while on the other end of the spectrum, 31 percent said it should never happen.
The Olympic gold medalist swam the 100 and 200 meter freestyle and three relay events at the Commonwealth Games, but his fitness was called into question due to his complaints.
He was unable to take the medication he needed to alleviate his pain because it is banned at the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the currently largest known prime number on January 25.
Several people verified the discovery at the beginning of February using different hardware and software, and it was announced on Tuesday.
Comets could have been a source of water on Earth, along with organic material that forms proteins and supports life.
Scientists hope to gain insight into the way planets are formed. They are particularly interested in how the Earth was formed, given that it has been a very long time since comets collided with the Earth.
Cuomo (53) was inaugurated as governor earlier this year and last month signed a law that legalizes marriages between people of the same sex.
He called the rumors "political nonsense and gossip."
It is speculated that he wants to run for the presidency in 2016.
The NextGen system would allow planes to take shorter routes, according to the FAA, which could save millions of tons of fuel annually and reduce carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology, as opposed to older technologies using ground radar, which allows air traffic controllers to locate aircraft much more accurately, and to provide pilots with clearer information.
No additional transport is being deployed and no above-ground trains will stop at Wembley; in addition, the parking lots and the P&R are not accessible on the grounds.
A possible lack of transportation increased the likelihood that the match would be played behind closed doors and without supporters.
A study published in the scientific journal Science on Tuesday was about the formation of a new bird species on the Galapagos Islands in Ecuador.
Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that new species evolved within two generations. It was thought that this process took much longer because the crossing of a native Darwin finch, the Median ground finch, with an immigrated Cactus ground finch, the Española ground finch, took longer.
Gold can be processed into many forms. It can be rolled into small shapes.
It can be drawn into a narrow wire that can be twisted and braided. It can also be forged or rolled into plates.
After being made very thin, it could be pasted onto another metal. It could even be made so thin that it was sometimes used for the decoration of hand-painted illustrations in books, which were called 'illuminated manuscripts'.
This is called the pH value of a chemical substance. You can already make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
Then the color of the cabbage juice changes based on the acidity (acid to basic or alkaline) of the chemical.
The pH value is indicated based on the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the chemical substance that has been tested.
Hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron, and hydrogen ions are protons without electrons.
Mix both dry powders together, make your hands wet and clean, and form a ball.
The moisture on your hands reacts with the outer layers, which feels strange and forms a kind of shell.
In the cities of Harappa and Mohenjodaro, almost every house had a flush toilet connected to an advanced sewage system.
Sewage remains have been found in houses in the Minoan cities on the Greek islands of Crete and Santorini.
Furthermore, there were already toilets in China, Egypt, and Persia in ancient times. For example, in the Roman era, toilets were often part of a public bathhouse, where both men and women would gather in a mixed group.
When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
As soon as the space satellite receives the call, it immediately sends it back.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts part of our light and images.
To launch a satellite or telescope into space, you need a huge rocket that is more than 30 meters long.
The wheel has changed the world incredibly. The most important thing that the wheel has given us is easier and faster transportation.
The train, the car and many other means of transport are the result of this.
There are medium-sized feline predators that feed on medium-sized prey, from hares to antelopes and deer.
In addition, there are many small cats (such as feral cats kept as pets) that hunt in larger numbers on small prey, such as insects, rodents, lizards, and birds.
Their success stems from the idea of a niche, a special job that every cat has, which means they don't compete with others.
Lions are the most social cats and live in large groups called prides.
Troops consist of one to three adult males that are related to each other and also have up to thirty females and cubs.
The women are normally closely related to each other and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
A pride of lions behaves much like a pack of wolves or dogs, animals that surprisingly resemble lions (but not other big cats) and that are very deadly to their prey.
The tiger is a versatile athlete and can climb (although not well), swim, jump long distances, and has five times the pulling power of a strong person.
The tiger belongs to the same group (Genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four felines are the only ones that can roar.
A tiger does not roar with full power like a lion. It is more like he growls a whole sentence.
Ocelots' favorite meal is small animals. They catch monkeys, snakes, rodents, and birds if they can. Ocelots hunt almost exclusively on animals that are much smaller than they are.
Scholars suspect that ocelots use their sense of smell to hunt small animals (their prey) by sniffing the ground where they have been.
They can see very well in the dark thanks to their night vision, and move very quietly. Ocelots hunt prey by blending in with their surroundings and then pouncing on their prey.
When a small group of organisms (a small population) becomes detached from the large population it came from (for example, by moving over a mountain range or river, or by being moved to a different island, from which it may not be able to return easily), they are often in a different environment than before.
In this new environment, different resources and different enemies are present, so the new population must adapt or change their behavior in order to be able to compete.
Because they still need the same adaptations as before, the original population has not changed at all.
As the new population began to adapt to the new environment, they also began to look less and less like the other population.
After thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will be so different in appearance that you can no longer call them the same species.
This process is called speciation and simply involves the formation of new species. Speciation is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that people breathe in and they absorb carbon dioxide that people exhale.
Plants obtain their nutrients from the sun through photosynthesis, and they also provide shade.
Our houses and clothes are made of plants. We mainly eat plants. Without plants, animals would not survive.
The Mosasaurus was at the top of the food chain of that time. It had nothing to fear from anyone, except from other Mosasauruses.
His long jaws had more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, plus an extra set in the palate, which means that nothing or no one could escape him.
It is not certain, but it is possible that his tongue was forked. It ate turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and perhaps even its own kind.
Nothing was safe from his attacks in bodies of water either; even giant dinosaurs like the Tyrannosaurus Rex were no match for him.
Although the majority of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans also had their fair share of exotic or unusual delicacies, including wild boar, peacocks, snails and a type of rodent called a dormouse.
In addition, there was another difference; poor people and women sat on chairs while eating, but wealthy men liked to hold a banquet together where they would lie on their sides while eating.
Meals from Roman times do not contain food that came from America or Asia to Europe in later centuries.
For example, they did not have maize, tomatoes, potatoes, or cocoa. Furthermore, not a single ancient Roman ever ate a turkey.
The Babylonians made a primary temple for all their gods. This temple was seen as the god's own home.
Offerings were made to the gods and the priests tried to satisfy the needs of the gods by organizing ceremonies and festivals.
Every temple had a public courtyard and a back room that was only accessible to priests.
Sometimes, as part of the temples, towers in the shape of pyramids were built, called ziggoerattes.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary for the god.
Houses were not of great importance in the warm climate of the Middle East.
The daily life of the Hebrew family often took place outside.
Women cooked in the garden; shops were no more than a counter along the street. Stone was used to build houses.
There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, and so wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland had few inhabitants. According to Norwegian legends, Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, found Greenland on his way west, and gave it its name.
He made this discovery, but there were already Eskimo tribes living there at that time.
Although they were all 'Scandinavian' countries, the people, the royal family, customs and history of Sweden, Iceland, Denmark and Norway were very different from each other.
After the movie National Treasure, you might think that there is a treasure map on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
However, that is a misconception. There is indeed something written on the back, but it is not a treasure map.
The back of the American Declaration of Independence bears the words 'Original Declaration of Independence, July 4th, 1776'. The text is upside down at the bottom of the document.
Although no one is certain who wrote it, it is certain that the large parchment (29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was once rolled up for storage.
It therefore seems that the designation was simply added as a kind of label.
Thanks to the D-Day landings and the subsequent battles, the north of France was liberated. However, the south remained occupied.
It was ruled by Vichy France. These were French people who, in 1940, sided with the Germans and thus colluded with the enemy instead of fighting against them.
On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France with Operation Dragoon.
The Americans and the Free French had liberated southern France in just two weeks. After that, they set off for Germany.
A civilization is a single culture shared by a large group of people who live and work together in a society.
The term civilization comes from the Latin civilis, which means civilian, and relates to the Latin civis, which means citizen, and civitas, which means city or city-state; and this also defines the format of society in a certain way.
City-states are the forerunners of nations. A civilization with a culture suggests that knowledge is passed down over multiple generations, leaving a lasting cultural footprint and balanced distribution.
When minority cultures disappear, they often leave no relevant historical evidence behind, which is why they are not officially recognized as civilizations.
During the revolution, thirteen states, under the Articles of Confederation, formed a weak central government consisting only of a congress.
The Congress lacked the power to levy taxes because there was no national executive or judicial authority, and in order to implement all of its decisions, it relied on state authorities, which often were unwilling to cooperate.
It also did not have the authority to ignore tax laws and rates between states.
At first, all states had to unanimously agree to the articles before they could be amended, but the states did not take the national government so seriously, which meant that their representatives were often absent.
The Italian national football team, together with the German team, is the second most successful team worldwide and won the FIFA World Cup in 2006.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and F1 motor racing.
Winter sports are extremely popular, especially in the northern regions, where Italians participate in international competitions and Olympic events.
Japan consists of almost 7,000 islands (with Honshu being the largest island). This makes Japan the 7th largest island in the world.
Due to the cluster/group of islands Japan possesses, Japan is often referred to geographically as a "peninsula"
The history of Taiwan begins in the 15th century, when sailors from Europe sailed past the island and gave it the name Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch VOC established itself in the southwest of Taiwan as a base of operations, where the VOC tackled the indigenous grain production processes and put Chinese laborers to work on rice and sugar plantations.
In the year 1683, the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan were conquered by troops of the Qing dynasty (1644-1912), after which Taiwan was annexed in the year 1885 as a province of the Qing Empire.
After the defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki in 1895, which transferred sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Built from three large structures, Machu Picchu consists of Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun, and the Room with Three Windows.
The majority of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt so that tourists can get a better idea of what they used to look like.
In 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored. The renovation is still ongoing.
For example, the most common photo format for still images worldwide is 35 mm, which was the usual film format at the end of the analogue film era.
These are still produced to this day, although it is mainly the image ratio that the image sensor of the digital camera inherited.
Strangely enough, 35 mm film is actually 36 mm wide, with a height of 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this size (divide by twelve to get the simplest ratio of whole numbers) would be 3:2 in this case.
Many common formats (e.g., APS-like formats) are equal to or a close approximation of this aspect ratio.
The rule of thirds, which is often abused and ridiculed by many, is a simple guideline that makes the image dynamic, yet also clear.
The most effective placement for the main subject is at the intersection of the lines. This divides the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see example).
During this period in the history of Europe, the rich and powerful Catholic Church was under fire.
For more than a thousand years, Christianity has united European states, despite differences in language and customs.
From the king to the common citizen, his pervasive power affected everyone.
One of the most important principles of Christianity is that wealth should be used to combat suffering and poverty, and the church has resources for this reason.
The church had been the central authority in Rome for over a thousand years, and this relationship of power and money led many people to begin to doubt whether this principle was being upheld.
Great Britain established a naval blockade directed against Germany, shortly after the outbreak of hostilities.
The strategy proved effective, as it was no longer possible to deliver vital supplies to military personnel and civilians. However, this blockade did violate the generally accepted international law that has been established over the past two centuries in various international agreements.
Great Britain placed mines in international waters, so that ships could no longer sail in large parts of the ocean, which was dangerous even for neutral ships.
Due to the limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to the country's unrestricted submarine warfare.
During the 1920s, most citizens and nations had a stance of pacifism and isolation.
After the First World War, states wanted to prevent such horrors from ever happening again.
Tesla emigrated to the United States of America in 1884 to work for the Edison Company in New York City.
When he came to the United States, he had only 4 cents, a collection of poems, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his former boss) for Thomas Edison with him.
Ancient China had a unique way of representing different time periods; each phase of China or each ruling family had a distinct dynasty.
There was also an unstable period between the different dynasties, during which the provinces were divided. The most famous period was the Three Kingdoms era, which took place in the 60 years between the Han and Jin dynasties.
At that time, there were intense wars between various nobles who were fighting for the throne.
The era of the Three Kingdoms is one of the bloodiest in the history of ancient China. Thousands of people died in the struggle for the highest position in the great palace in Xi'an.
The Revolution had major social and political consequences, such as the use of the metric system, a shift from absolute monarchy to republicanism, nationalism, and the notion that the land belongs to its inhabitants rather than a single leader.
For all male applicants, positions were available after the revolution, so that the most ambitious and suitable candidates could succeed.
The same applies to the army. Army ranks are no longer based on one's class, but on the caliber of the person.
The French Revolution also inspired the oppressed working class in other countries to revolt.
Muhammad was intensely involved in matters of the spirit world. He often went to a cave for contemplation, which later became known as the Cave of Hira in the Mountains of Noer.
The cave itself, which has withstood the test of time, gives a very vivid picture of the spirituality of Muhammad.
The cave is located on one of the mountain peaks on the north side of Mecca and is completely cut off from the rest of the world.
Even if it was known that the cave existed, it was not easy to find at all. Once inside the cave, there is total isolation.
The only thing to be seen is the clear, beautiful sky and the many surrounding mountains. From the cave, there is very little of this world to see or hear.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that still stands.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century BC and is one of the many large pyramid structures built in honor of a deceased pharaoh.
The Giza Plateau or 'Pyramids of Giza' in the Egyptian Valley of the Kings contains several pyramids (with the Great Pyramid being the largest), multiple small tombs, a number of temples, and the great Sphinx.
The large pyramid was built to honor Pharaoh Khufu. Many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built as tributes to Khufu's wives and family members.
The up-bow sign looks like a V and the down-bow sign looks like a dot or a square with the bottom missing.
Above means you should start at the dot and push the rod away. Below means you should start at the bow frog (the place where your hand holds the rod) and pull the rod.
An upward motion usually produces a softer sound, while a downward motion produces a stronger and more assertive sound.
Take the liberty to sketch your personal marks, but don't forget that the printed rests are there for a musical reason, so they usually have to be respected.
A group of market women sat on October 6, 1789, behind the departure of the terrified Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette and their two young children (Marie Therese, 11, and Louis-Charles, 4), and the king's sister, Madame Elizabeth, from Versailles to Paris.
They rode back to the French capital in a carriage, surrounded by jeering and threatening mobs that threatened the royal couple.
The actions of the crowd forced the king and queen to open the windows of their carriage completely.
At one point, someone in the crowd held up the head of a royal guard who had been murdered in Versailles in front of the eyes of a terrified queen.
The war costs of the U.S. imperialism in relation to the conquest of the Philippines were paid by the population of the Philippines.
They were imposed on the American colonial regime to pay taxes to finance a large part of the costs and the interest on bonds was issued through the banks on Wall Street in the name of the Philippine government.
American imperialism rested in large part on the enormous profits of the long-term exploitation of the Philippines.
To understand the Templars, one must know what the context was that gave rise to the order.
The era in which this happened is commonly referred to as the High Middle Ages, the European history of the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries (1000-1300 AD).
After the early Middle Ages came the high Middle Ages, which were in turn followed by the late Middle Ages, which usually end around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term for a broad range of ideas in practice: from technological affordance or technological imperative to a strict sense that human fate is driven by an underlying logic that is linked to scientific laws and the appearance of them in technology.
Most interpretations of technological determinism hold these two general views: the development of technology follows a trajectory that for the most part extends beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has "effects" on societies that are inherent rather than socially conditioned.
For example, some will say that the arrival of the car automatically leads to the construction of roads.
A national road network is economically unfeasible for only a few cars, which is why new production methods are being developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
The mass ownership of cars also results in a higher number of accidents on the road, which leads to the development of new healthcare techniques to help the human body recover.
Romanticism included a large component of cultural determinism, which came from writers such as Goethe, Fichte, and Schlegel.
In Romanticism, geography shaped the individual, and over time, customs and cultures emerged as a result of this geography. These formed a harmonious society and were better than arbitrary laws imposed from above.
Constantinople was seen as the fashion capital of feudal Europe, just as Paris is the current fashion capital.
It was known as an epicenter of luxury from around 400 AD to around 1100 AD.
The status of the empire declined in the 12th century, mainly because the crusaders returned with silk and spices that were worth more than what the Byzantine markets could offer.
Around this time, Paris also took over the title of fashion capital from Constantinople.
Gothic architecture reached its heyday in the 10th, 11th and 14th centuries.
Clothing was initially strongly influenced by the Byzantine culture from the east.
However, due to the slow communication channels, styles in the west were 25 to 30 years behind.
At the end of the Middle Ages, a distinct style began to emerge in Western Europe. One of the biggest developments was the result of the Crusades: people started using knots to fasten their clothing.
Self-sufficient agriculture is agriculture where enough food is produced to meet the needs of the farmer and his family.
Agriculture for subsistence is a simple system that is usually organic. It uses saved seed from the ecoregion, combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield.
In the past, most farmers worked in subsistence agriculture, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures bring together like-minded people who feel neglected by societal norms, giving them the opportunity to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures can be distinguished by the age, ethnicity, social class, location and/or gender of their members.
A subculture can be defined by the following types of qualities: linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographic or one or more of these factors together.
Members of a subculture often show which group they belong to through a certain symbolic style in what they wear, in how they behave and the jargon they speak.
One of the most commonly used methods for illustrating the importance of socialization was the few unfortunate cases of children who, due to neglect, adversity or deliberate abuse during their upbringing, were not socialized by adults.
They are called 'wolf children' or 'feral children'. Some wolf children have been locked up by people (usually their own parents); sometimes this child was abandoned because the parents did not want to accept the serious mental or physical disability of the child.
Troublesome children may have experienced serious child abuse or a serious trauma before they were abandoned or ran away.
Others are said to have been raised by animals, and some are said to have lived in the wilderness alone.
A feral child who has not been raised by humans may exhibit behavior that resembles the behavior of the animal that raised the child (within physical limits), such as fear of or indifference towards humans.
Learning on a project basis should simplify education and make it more interesting, but scaffolding goes one step further.
Scaffolding is not a learning method but a tool to support individuals who are dealing with a new learning experience, for example a new computer program or who are starting a new project.
Support can be both virtual and real. A teacher is, for example, a form of support, but the paperclip man from Microsoft Office is too.
There is virtual scaffolding built into the software that asks questions, provides memory aids, and explains procedures that may be difficult for students to understand without help.
There are various reasons why children end up in foster care, such as neglect, abuse and exploitation.
No child should have to grow up in an environment where they are not well cared for, where they are not loved and where they cannot develop, but this is happening.
We consider the foster care system to be a safe zone for these children.
The intention is that foster care provides a safe home, loving caregivers, stable education, and reliable healthcare.
Foster care must meet all the needs that were neglected in the previous home.
On the internet, elements of interpersonal and mass communication are combined.
The different characters of the internet lead to new dimensions in terms of the application of the Uses & Gratifications theory.
For example, 'learning' and 'socialisation' are presented as important reasons for using the Internet (James et al., 1995).
Eighmey and McCord (1998) introduced new motivation aspects such as 'personal involvement' and 'ongoing relationships' when they examined audience reactions to websites.
The use of video recordings has led to remarkable findings in the interpretation of micro-expressions, which are facial movements that last a few milliseconds.
It is claimed, in particular, that no one can recognize a lie by paying attention only to micro-expressions.
Oliver Sacks described in his essay The President's Speech how people who cannot understand speech due to brain damage can nevertheless accurately gauge its sincerity.
He even suggested that other animal species, such as domestic dogs, also possess the ability to interpret human behavior.
Research in the twentieth century has shown that there are two groups of genetic variants: hidden and visible.
Mutation adds new genetic variation; selection eliminates this variation from the pool of expressed variation.
For each generation, there is variation between the two groups by means of separation and recombination.
A primate with a digestive system similar to that of humans can survive in the savannah, but it is difficult for it to obtain the necessary amino acids from the plant sources that are available there.
Furthermore, failure to observe it can have serious consequences: stunted growth, malnutrition and, ultimately, even death.
The easiest plant sources to find are the proteins in leaves and legumes, but unless they are cooked, they are difficult to digest for primates like us.
Not only is animal food (ants, termites, eggs) easily digestible, but it also contains a lot of proteins that contain all the essential amino acids.
All in all, we shouldn't be surprised if our ancestors solved their 'protein problem' in the same way that chimpanzees in the savannah solve this problem today.
Sleep interruption means that you wake up for a reason during your normal sleep period and fall back to sleep within a short time (10–60 minutes).
This is quite easy by using a relatively soft alarm that brings you back to consciousness without immediately waking you up completely.
If you want to wear your watch while sleeping, you can place it on the other side of the room. This way, you will have to get out of bed to turn it off.
Other options based on the biorhythm are, for example, drinking a lot of liquid before going to bed (and then especially water or tea, a well-known diuretic). This means you will have to get up to urinate.
The amount of inner calm a person possesses is in contrast to the amount of stress a person carries in their body and mind.
The less stress, the more positive the life force present. Every human being is capable of achieving contentment and total peace.
Everyone can enlighten their mind. Only your own stress and negativity stand in the way of this goal.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of the Buddha. However, this form of Buddhism has been expanded with the Mahayana path of love and with a large number of techniques from Indian yoga.
Tibetan Buddhism consists of a relatively simple core of kundalini yoga, meditation, and following universal love.
Through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualized images, the energy of Kundalini yoga (enlightenment energy) is awakened.
The core of Tibetan meditation is yoga with a deity as the focus. Using the visualization of various deities, energy channels are cleansed, chakras are activated, and consciousness is brought into an enlightened state.
Because Germany was a common enemy in World War II, cooperation between the USSR and the USA was established. After the war, conflicts between the system, process, and culture caused the countries to fall out with each other.
The former allies found themselves on opposite sides two years after the end of the war, marking the beginning of the Cold War.
The war would last 40 years and there were proxy battles fought on battlefields in Africa, Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba, and many other places.
The Polish defensive forces held out until 17 September 1939, after which they had to retreat and reorganise along the bridgehead in Romania.
These plans were however undone in one night, when 800,000 soldiers from the Red Army of the Soviet Union invaded and formed the Latvian and Ukrainian fronts, after they occupied the eastern parts of Poland, in violation of the Treaty of Riga, the Soviet-Polish non-aggression pact and other international peace treaties that were both bilateral and multilateral.
Shipping goods by ship is the most efficient way to transport large numbers of people and goods across the ocean.
Traditionally, it is the task of the navy to ensure that a country retains the ability to transport people and goods, while the ability of the enemy to transport people and goods is hindered.
The US tried to get troops and equipment across the Atlantic to the British, and this North Atlantic campaign of WWII is one of the most remarkable recent examples of this.
The German navy tried to stop this traffic at the same time, mainly using U-boats.
Like the rest of Europe, Britain would probably have fallen into German hands if the Allies had failed.
It seems that the goats were domesticated for the first time about 10,000 years ago in the Iranian Zagros Mountains.
In ancient times, cultures and tribes began to keep them so that they could always easily obtain their hair, meat, milk, and hides.
Domesticated goats were usually kept in herds on a hill or other grazing area, guarded by goat herders, often a child or younger person, much like the more familiar sheep herder. Today, they are still guarded in the same way.
Horse-drawn railways were built in England as early as the 16th century.
Although horse-drawn railways consisted of a track made of planks, the horses had to run faster and pull larger amounts than on the somewhat difficult roads of that time.
Crossbars were used quite early on to keep the rails in place. However, it was gradually realised that rails would be more efficient if there was an iron point on the top.
This soon became the common practice, but the iron resulted in more wear and tear on the wooden carriage wheels.
Iron wheels eventually replaced the wooden variants. In 1767, the first completely iron rails were laid.
The first form of transportation we know is walking. People started walking upright two million years ago when Homo Erectus emerged (which means upright man).
Their predecessor, the Australopithecus, walked upright less often.
Bipedal specializations are found in fossils of the Australopithecus from 4.2-3.9 million years ago. The Sahelanthropus, moreover, may have already been walking on two legs seven million years ago.
We can live in a more environmentally friendly way, join an environmental movement or even take action to mitigate future suffering.
In many cases, it is just like a symptomatic treatment. But if we want more than a temporary solution, we need to identify the cause of the problems and eliminate it.
The scientific and technological developments of human society have obviously changed the earth profoundly. Moreover, overpopulation and the extravagant human lifestyle have aggravated the problems.
After the Declaration of Independence was adopted by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap a few blocks away. This draft was signed by the President of the Continental Congress John Hancock and minister Charles Thomson.
Between 150 and 200 copies were made overnight, and are now better known as "Dunlap broadsides".
John Nixon first delivered the public reading of the document on July 8 in the garden of Independence Hall.
One copy was sent to George Washington on July 6 and read to his troops in New York on July 9. Another copy arrived in London on August 10.
The 25 Dunlap broadsides are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy did not survive.
Many paleontologists believe that a dinosaur species still exists today. We call them birds.
Many people do not consider them to be dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But there are many things about birds that still make them seem like dinosaurs.
They have claws and scales on their feet, lay eggs, and walk on their hind legs, just like the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Manipulating data that is encoded in binary digits forms the basis for almost all computers used today.
A binary number can only have two values, 0 or 1, and these numbers are called binary digits (and in computer language 'bits').
Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. Symptoms such as vomiting are so common that a diagnosis cannot be made immediately.
The presence of open boxes of medication or toxic household chemicals is the best indication of internal poisoning.
Check the label for specific first aid instructions for that particular poison.
This group of insects is formally called 'true bugs' by entomologists.
This term comes from an age-old agreement with bed bugs, which are insects that can parasitize humans very well.
Both bed bugs and cockroaches are nest-bound, they have adapted to live in the nest or the house of their host.
In the US, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), making it the leading neurological condition in adults of both younger and middle age.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which includes the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerve.
Research has shown that women are twice as likely to get MS as men.
A couple may decide that it is not in their best interest, or that of their child, to raise a baby.
These couples may choose to give up their baby for adoption.
In an adoption, the parents give up their parental rights, so that another couple can raise the child.
Discovering how the world works through the scientific method is the primary goal of science. This method is the guiding principle for most scientific research.
However, it is about more than just experiments; an experiment is a test to rule out one or more potential assumptions, to raise questions and to make observations, as a guide for scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers focused on classical texts and in particular the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's views on science, including psychology, were accepted.
The West understood Greek philosophy and science less and less as knowledge of the Greek language declined.
In physiological and behavioral observations of rhythms, there is often a strong dependence on endogenous processes and production via the biological clock.
Most organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals, live according to periodic rhythms. These are not just responses to external periodic signals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that go through a cycle for a certain period of time, even if there are no external signals for it.
The experiment of Hershey and Chase was one of the most important indications that DNA was a genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used bacteriophages or viruses to implant their own DNA into a bacterium.
Two experiments were performed. In one experiment, the DNA in the phage was labelled with a radioactive phosphorus, and in the other experiment, the protein of the phage was labelled with radioactive sulphur.
Mutations can have many different effects, depending on the type, the importance of the genetic material involved and whether the affected cells are germ cells.
Only mutations in germ cells are hereditary. Other mutations can cause cells to die or can lead to cancer.
Nature tourism attracts people who like to visit natural areas because they want to enjoy the landscape, including the flora and fauna.
On site, one can hunt, fish, take photographs, observe birds, visit parks and study the ecosystem, among other things.
One example is visiting, photographing and learning about the orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people from small villages drive to their workplace in their cars, passing people whose workplace is located in the village they just came from.
Everyone in this dynamic transport shuttle is in some way connected to and supports a transport system based on private cars.
Science shows that this enormous carbon economy has taken the biosphere out of the stable state in which human evolution could take place over the past two million years.
Everyone participates in society and uses transport systems, and almost everyone complains about them.
In developed countries, problems with water quality or collapsing bridges are rarely seen.
How is it that so many complaints arise in transport systems, why does it go wrong on a daily basis? Are transport technicians simply incompetent, or is it something more fundamental?
In traffic flow, attention is paid to the movements of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions that take place between the individuals.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to examine traffic flow, because the behavior of drivers cannot be predicted with 100% certainty.
Fortunately, drivers behave in a relatively predictable manner. This means that traffic flows show a certain degree of consistency, and that there is something to be said about this in mathematical terms.
The three core characteristics have been linked to better represent traffic flow: (1) intensity, (2) density, and (3) speed.
These relationships make it easier to plan, design and operate road engineering facilities.
Insects were the first animals to learn how to fly. Thanks to their ability to fly, they could more easily escape from predators and find food and mates more efficiently.
The advantage of most insects is that they can fold their wings along their body.
This allows them to hide from predators in a larger number of small places.
Currently, only dragonflies and mayflies cannot fold their wings.
A few thousand years ago, Aristarchus said that the solar system revolved around the sun.
There were people who thought he was right, but many people believed the opposite; that the solar system moved around the Earth, and the Sun as well (and other stars).
This sounds pretty logical, because you don't feel that the earth is moving, right?
The Amazon River is the world's largest and second-longest river and carries more than 8 times as much water as the second-largest.
The Amazon is also the widest river on earth, and in some places it is six miles wide.
At least 20% of all the water that flows into the sea via the rivers comes from the Amazon.
The main stream of the Amazon River is 6,387 kilometers (3,980 miles) long. The water comes from thousands of smaller rivers.
Although the building of stone pyramids continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza remain unsurpassed in terms of size and technical excellence of construction.
The ancient Egyptians of the New Kingdom admired the monument of their predecessors, which was already more than a thousand years old at that time.
There are approximately 800 inhabitants living in Vatican City. This is the smallest independent country in the entire world and also the country with the lowest population.
Italian is the official language for communication and laws of Vatican City.
Italian is the language most commonly spoken by the people who work there, while Latin is used a lot during religious ceremonies.
Everyone who lives in Vatican City is Roman Catholic.
People have known the most basic chemical elements, such as gold, silver, and copper, since ancient times, because they can all be found in nature and it is relatively easy to extract them with primitive tools.
The philosopher Aristotle speculated that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
This seemed more like what we know of the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas, and plasma, but he also theorized that they transition into new substances to form what we see.
Alloys are, quite simply, a combination of at least two metals. As you probably know, the periodic table contains many elements.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are classified as metals. There are also metals such as silver and gold, of course.
Alloys can also contain a small amount of non-metallic elements, for example, carbon.
Everything in the universe is made up of matter. All matter is made up of small particles called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that a trillion atoms would fit at the tip of the end of this sentence.
That is why the pencil was a faithful friend to many people when it was launched.
Unfortunately, the pen has been demoted in status as newer writing methods have emerged, and it is used much less frequently.
Nowadays, one writes messages on a computer screen without ever needing a pencil sharpener.
You might wonder what will happen to the keyboard once something new comes onto the market.
The atomic bomb works according to the principle that it costs energy to assemble a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
It's like pushing a heavy cart up a hill. When the nucleus is split again, some of the energy is released.
Some atoms have an unstable nucleus, which means that they fall apart at the slightest provocation.
The surface of the moon is characterized by dust and rock. The crust is the outer layer of the moon.
The crust is approximately 70 km thick on the nearest side and 100 km thick on the other side.
The crust is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
There may be more mares on the side, because the crust is thinner there, and lava could more easily reach the surface.
Content theories are aimed at discovering what moves people and what appeals to them.
This theory suggests that people have certain needs and/or desires that are internalized as they grow up.
With these theories, they want to examine the reasons why certain people want certain things and which environmental factors influence them to do certain things or not.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs and Hertzberg's Motivation-Hygiene Theory.
In general, two approaches emerge when managers are put in charge of their former colleagues. In one approach, they try to act as equals.
This type of manager finds it difficult to make unpopular decisions and take disciplinary measures, conduct performance evaluations, delegate and hold people accountable.
On the other end of the spectrum, this person transforms into an unrecognizable individual. He or she feels the need to change everything the team has done so far and wants to take ownership of everything.
Ultimately, the leader is responsible for the success and failure of the team.
Often, this behavior leads to a gap between the leaders and the team members.
Virtual teams must meet the same standards of excellence as normal teams, although there are some small differences.
In most cases, virtual team members are the first point of contact for their immediate physical group.
They are often more independent than traditional team members, because their teams can meet according to different time zones, which may not be understood by their local management.
The idea of a truly 'invisible team' (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, pp 109) is a unique element of a virtual team.
The 'invisible team' is the management team to whom each member reports. The invisible team also sets the standard for each member.
Why would an organization want to start the time-consuming process of setting up a learning organization? One of the goals for putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
Creativity and resourcefulness come to light when all available resources within the functional departments of an organization are effectively deployed.
The result of this is that the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to meet the needs of the customer.
To enable innovation in an organization, management must foster a culture in which innovation, shared knowledge, and organizational learning are central.
According to Angel (2006), organizations can perform better with an approach based on the continuum model.
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to studying cognition, thereby allowing the scope of research to be narrowed and more accurate data to be collected.
The correlation between brain pathology and behavior helps scientists during their research.
It has long been known that various types of brain injury, trauma, wounds and tumours can affect behaviour and lead to changes in mental capacity.
As more and more new technologies are developed, we are learning more and more about the structures and processes in the brain.
This provides us with a lot of information and material to develop simulation models that give us more insight into the processes of our mind.
AI immediately brings to mind science fiction for most people, but it is also an essential part of computer science. It is used in research into machine behavior, learning, and intelligent adaptation.
Developing machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior falls under research into AI.
Some examples are management, planning, the ability to diagnose and answer customer questions, and the recognition of handwriting, voice, and face.
These have become separate disciplines for finding solutions to problems in real life.
Nowadays, this system for artificial intelligence is widely used in economic, medical, technical and military fields, such as in various software applications for PCs and video games.
Many field trips are planned for each class. Often, a teacher would take her students to places where a bus trip is not an option.
Thanks to technological developments, virtual excursions are now possible, allowing students to view museum artefacts, look inside an aquarium or see beautiful works of art from the classroom.
Sharing a virtual field trip is also a fantastic way to look back on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, students at Bennet School in North Carolina design a website about their trip to the state capital each year, which is redesigned every year, and earlier versions of which are kept online to serve as a scrapbook.
Blogs can also help students to write better. Often, their grammar and spelling are poor at the beginning, but this changes quickly because they have an audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the blogger strives to improve the writing and thus avoid criticism.
By blogging, "students are also forced to learn more about the world around them." The need to keep the audience interested inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages students to extend learning far beyond the traditional school day.
When used properly, blogs can help students develop analytical skills and critical thinking; by actively engaging in online discussions, students can find their place in the context of other people's material and at the same time determine their own position on certain issues (Oravec, 2002).
The bilingual capital of Canada is the charming Ottawa, full of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and future.
Further south you will find the Niagara Falls. In the north you will find the beautiful unspoiled Muskoka and much more.
This kind of thing makes Ontario typical of Canada in the eyes of outsiders.
Further north, large areas are sparsely populated, and some of these areas are even virtually uninhabited wilderness.
A population comparison that will surprise many: there are more African Americans living in the United States than the total number of inhabitants in Canada.
The East African islands are located along the east coast of Africa in the Indian Ocean.
Madagascar is by far the largest and in terms of fauna it is almost a separate continent.
The majority of the smaller islands are independent countries or are connected to France and are known for their luxurious beach resorts.
The Arabs also brought the Islamic faith with them, after which it spread widely on the Comoros and Mayotte.
The Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape route from Europe to India, which marked the beginning of European influence and colonization in the 15th century.
The region is bordered to the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean and to the north by the Sahel region.
Women: female travelers are advised to say they are married, whether or not it is true.
It also helps to put rings on (not too expensive looking rings).
Women should be aware that cultural differences may lead to behaviour that they perceive as intimidating, and that it is common to be followed, to have one's arm taken, etc.
Be clear when you reject a man and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences don't speak well of this!).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded in the 10th century BC by Berber fishermen. The city was used as a strategic port by the Phoenicians, Romans, and Merinids and was known under the name Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed the harbor and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca. After an earthquake in 1755, they left the city again.
The Sultan of Morocco rebuilt the city and named it Daru l-Bayad. The Spanish traders who established their trading base here gave it the name Casablanca.
In Morocco, Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop.
Around the old Medina, you will find many places where you can buy traditional Moroccan items, such as tagines, pots, leather products, hookahs, and other trinkets, but it is purely aimed at tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The city is located near Rwanda, in the far east.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed when the Nyiragongo volcano spewed lava, burying most of the city's streets, and particularly the city center.
Although Goma itself is relatively safe, you should check the situation regarding the ongoing fighting in the province of North Kivu before visiting any places outside Goma.
In addition, the city serves as a base for climbing the Nyiragongo volcano and you can find some of the most affordable trips for tracking mountain gorillas in Africa.
You can get around Goma using a boda-boda (a motorcycle taxi). The normal (local) price is around 500 Congolese Francs for the short ride.
'Timbuktu' is relatively poorly accessible and is therefore nowadays used as a metaphor for exotic, far-off countries.
Today, Timbuktu is a dilapidated city, but the city's reputation makes it a tourist attraction and it has an airport.
In 1990, it was added to the list of endangered World Heritage sites due to desert storms.
It was one of the main stops on the PBS exhibition Special Wonders from the African World by Henry Louis Gates.
The city differs from the other cities in the country, as it has a more Arabic feel than an African one.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the northeast of South Africa and runs east along the border with Mozambique, north along the border with Zimbabwe, and the southern border is the Crocodile River.
The park is 19,500 square kilometres in size, divided into 14 different eco-zones, where various wild animal species are kept.
As a major attraction in South Africa, this park is the flagship of the South African National Parks (SANParks).
As with all South African national parks, there are daily conservation fees and entrance costs that apply.
It can also be useful to buy a Wild Card, which offers access to certain parts of parks in South Africa or to all national parks in South Africa.
The entire territory of Hong Kong is named after Hong Kong Island, which is considered by many tourists to be the most important place.
The vast number of buildings that make up Hong Kong's skyline has already been compared to a glittering bar graph that becomes visible thanks to the waters of Victoria Harbour.
For the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head towards the waterfront of Kowloon across the way.
The vast majority of the population of the island of Hong Kong live very close to each other on reclaimed land along the northern coast.
This is where the British settlers established themselves, so if you're looking for evidence of the area's colonial past, then this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans are the largest mangrove forests in the entire world and stretch 80 km (50 miles) from the coast into the Indian and Bengali interior.
The Sundarbans are now officially included on the UNESCO World Heritage List. The part within the Indian borders is called the Sundarbans National Park.
The forests, however, are more than just mangrove swamps — they also boast some of the last mighty tracts of jungle that ever covered the Gangetic plain.
The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which a third is peat and marshland.
The Sundarbans have been a wildlife reserve since 1966, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Bengal tigers and around 30,000 axis deer in the area.
During the day, buses leave from the station on the border of the districts (opposite the river). Most of them leave between 6:30 and 7:30, especially in the direction of the east and Jakar/Bumthang.
It is wise to buy a ticket a few days in advance, as the local buses are often fully booked.
In most neighborhoods, small Japanese Coaster buses drive that are comfortable and sturdy.
Shared taxis can take you quickly and comfortably to nearby places, such as Paro (150 ngultrum) and Punakha (200 ngultrum).
The Oyapock Bridge is a cable bridge that crosses the Oyapock River to connect the Brazilian city of Oiapoque and the French Guiana city of Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock.
The two towers are 83 metres high. The building is 378 metres long and has two passages with a width of 3.50 metres.
The clearance height under the bridge is 15 metres. Construction of the bridge was completed in August 2011, but it only opened to traffic in March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017. The Brazilian customs posts are expected to be ready for use by then.
The Guaraní were the most prominent indigenous group. They lived in the area that is now East Paraguay, lived as semi-nomadic hunters and also engaged in subsistence agriculture.
In the province of Chaco, other indigenous tribes lived, including the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who found their food by hunting, fishing and gathering.
Paraguay, which was also once called 'the great province of India', emerged in the 16th century when Spanish colonizers encountered the indigenous population.
This was followed by a three-century period of colonization under the Spanish.
Asunción was founded in 1537 and since then Paraguay has managed to retain much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is known for having some of the best polo teams and players in the world.
In December, the biggest tournament of the year takes place on the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
Smaller tournaments and competitions can also be seen here at other times of the year.
Check the Asociación Argentina de Polo for more information about tournaments and buying tickets for polo matches.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands pound (FKP). Its value is approximately equal to one British pound (GBP).
There is only one bank on the islands, located in Stanley opposite the FIC West store. Here you can exchange money.
In general, British pounds are accepted everywhere on the islands and in Stanley, you can also often pay with credit cards and American dollars.
On the remote islands, you probably can't pay with a credit card, but you can probably pay with British and American currency. Ask the owners in advance about the payment methods.
Exchange your money back before you leave the islands, because Falkland currency is very difficult to exchange outside.
Montevideo is below the equator, so when it is summer there, it is winter in the Northern Hemisphere, and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics. In the summer months, temperatures of over +30°C are not uncommon.
Winter can be deceptively cold: the temperature almost never drops below zero, but the wind combined with the humidity makes it feel colder than the thermometer indicates.
The rainfall level remains approximately the same throughout the year, without recognizable "wet" and "dry" periods.
Many of the animals in the park are used to seeing people, but wild animals are still wild at heart. That is why they should not be fed or disturbed.
Keep at least 100 metres away from bears and wolves, and 25 metres away from all other wild animals in the park.
Elk, bison, reindeer, bears, and pretty much all other large animals can attack you, no matter how tame they may seem.
Every year, dozens of visitors are injured because they don't keep a proper distance. These animals are big, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them space.
In addition, you should be aware that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid carrying or cooking smelly food and keep the campsite clean.
The capital of Samoa is Apia and the city with almost 40,000 inhabitants is located on the island of Upolu.
Around the year 1850, Apia was founded and it has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
In 1889, seven ships from Germany, the USA and Great Britain refused to leave the port. This later became known as the infamous standoff.
With the exception of a British battleship, all ships were sunk. Nearly 200 Americans and Germans lost their lives.
In the struggle for independence by the Mau movement, the highest leader, Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III, died in a violent non-violent meeting in the city that got out of hand.
There are many beaches, particularly due to the two harbours of Auckland. The most popular are located in three areas.
The beaches of North Shore in the North Harbour district stretch from north to south along the Pacific Ocean, from Long Bay to Devonport.
These are almost all sandy beaches where it is safe to swim and most have pohutukawa trees that provide shade.
Tamaki Drive beaches are located at Waitemata's harbour, in the luxurious suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers, located in Central Auckland.
These family beaches are sometimes crowded and have a good range of shops on the coast. Swimming is not unsafe.
'Number One' is the most important local beer, which is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called 'Manta'.
There are many French wines to be found, but New Zealand and Australian wines are perhaps better suited for travel.
The local drinking water can be safely consumed, but bottled water is also easy to find if you don't trust it.
A "flat white" is a strange concept for Australians. Black coffee is "espresso," cappuccino has a lot of coffee milk (without foam), and tea is served without milk.
The hot chocolate is of Belgian quality. Fruit juices are expensive, but great.
Trips to the reef occur throughout the year and injuries resulting from these trips to the reef are rare.
Ask for expert advice nonetheless and follow all signs and safety warnings.
Jellyfish of the species "Cubomedusae" are found near beaches and river mouths north of the Town of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they are also found outside of this period.
Sharks do exist, but they rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and would swim away.
The main habitat of saltwater crocodiles is in the river mouths north of Rockhampton and they do not normally live in the ocean.
Reserving in advance provides peace of mind for the traveller, knowing that they have a place to sleep when they arrive at their destination.
Travel agencies often have deals with certain hotels, although you can usually also book other types of accommodation, such as a campsite, through a travel agency.
Travel agencies often offer packages with breakfast and transport to and from the airport, and sometimes even packages with flights and hotels.
They can also hold your reservation if you need a little more time to think about the offer or if you need to obtain documents for your destination (e.g. visa).
However, if you have a request or want to make a change, you must do so through the travel agency rather than the hotel.
For some festivals, the majority of attendees at music festivals choose to camp on site, and most visitors consider this an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action, you need to be early to secure a campsite near the music.
And remember this: even when the music on the main stages has finished, there may still be music playing on other parts of the festival grounds until late at night.
For families with young children, there are special camping areas at some festivals.
Be careful where you sit in your cabin if you cross the Baltic Sea in winter, because the journey through the ice makes a huge noise if you are too close.
Saint Petersburg cruises include time for exploring the city. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
Casinos are usually committed to getting the most out of the time and money that guests spend. Windows and clocks are usually not present, and the exit is sometimes difficult to find.
They normally have special offers in the areas of food, drink and entertainment to keep them in a good mood and to prevent them from leaving.
Some locations offer free alcoholic drinks. However, when people are drunk, it affects their judgment, and all seasoned gamblers know that it is extremely important to stay sober.
If you go into the mountains high up or drive over mountain passes, you need to take into account that there may be snow or ice and that the temperature can be extremely low.
On icy and snow-covered roads, there is little friction, and as a result, it drives differently than on asphalt.
During snowstorms, enough snow can fall in a very short period of time to cause it to become stuck.
Visibility can also be impaired by falling or blowing snow or by condensation or ice on the vehicle's windows.
On the other hand, ice and snow are normal in many countries and do not hinder traffic here.
The biggest tourist attraction in Africa is safaris, which for many visitors is the highlight of their trip.
The term safari refers in popular usage to travel over land to view the magnificent African wildlife, particularly on the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, often come close to cars, and standard equipment makes for a good view.
If you want to see lions, cheetahs and leopards, you need binoculars. Otherwise, the chances of seeing them are slim.
A walking safari (also called a 'forest walk' or 'loopsafari') involves walking for several hours or days in a row.
The Paralympics are from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held at other locations in Japan.
Tokyo will become the only Asian city to have hosted the Olympic Games twice. The first time was in 1964.
If you have already booked flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you may find yourself in a difficult situation.
Cancellation policies vary, but as of the end of March, most coronavirus-based cancellation policies are no longer valid until July 2020, when the Olympics were scheduled to take place.
It is expected that most event tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000. Normal tickets will cost around ¥7,000.
You can dry damp clothes by ironing them. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board available. You can often borrow these items, even if they are not in the room.
If an iron is not available or you do not want to wear ironed socks, you can also use a hairdryer if available.
Make sure the fabric does not get too hot (this can cause the fabric to shrink or, in extreme cases, burn).
You can purify water in different ways. Some methods are effective at countering specific risks.
In some areas, it is sufficient to boil water for a minute, in other areas, water must be boiled for several minutes.
Not every filter is equally effective. In case of doubt, it is best to drink water from a sealed bottle from a reliable company.
Travellers may encounter animal pests that do not exist in their own country.
Pests can spoil food, cause irritation or, in the worst case, cause allergic reactions, spread poison or transmit infections.
Normally, infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that injure or kill people with violence, are not considered pests.
Tax-free shopping means that you can buy goods at certain locations that are exempt from tax and excise duties.
Travellers going to countries with high taxes can sometimes save a significant amount of money when it comes to products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
Point Marion and Fairmont are connected by the Buffalo to Pittsburgh highway, and you often drive through abandoned hinterland, which makes this route a real challenge.
Are you not used to driving on country roads? Then keep your head on straight. You will encounter many steep hills, narrow streets and sharp bends.
The posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and adjacent areas — usually around 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h — and it's even more important to stick to them here than elsewhere.
Surprisingly, you have a lot more coverage here than in other corners of the route, such as the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German pastries taste great, and in Bavaria, the pastries are quite rich and varied, just like the pastries of the southern neighbor, Austria.
You see a lot of fruit pastries. Throughout the year, the pastries contain apples, and in the summer months, they also contain cherries and plums.
Many popular German pastries contain almonds, hazelnuts and other nuts, and taste great with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want a few small but mighty pastries, try some that are called in the region Berliner, Pfannkuchen, or Krapfen.
To make a curry, you need spicy and pungent ingredients, combined with vegetables or meat.
Depending on the amount of liquid, a curry can be 'dry' or 'wet'.
In the interior of northern India and also in Pakistan, yoghurt is often used in curries; in southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is often used instead.
Indonesian cuisine encompasses dishes from 17,000 islands and is an umbrella term for a variety of regional cuisines from across the country.
But without additional information, the term refers to the food that originally came from the central and eastern part of the main island of Java.
The Javanese cuisine is now available throughout the archipelago and offers various simple spiced dishes. The most common Javanese flavourings are nuts, peppers, sugar (mainly Javanese coconut sugar) and various fragrant herbs.
Stirrups support the rider's feet and hang down on both sides of the saddle.
They provide the rider with more stability, but can also cause safety problems because the feet of a rider can get stuck in them.
If a rider is thrown from a horse but manages to hang on with their foot in the stirrup, they can be dragged along with the horse. To reduce the risk, a number of safety measures have been put in place.
Most riders wear first and foremost riding boots with a heel and a smooth, fairly narrow sole.
Some saddles, especially English saddles, have safety bars. This means that a saddle's stirrup can come loose if it is pulled backwards when a rider falls off a horse.
Cochamó Valley - This is the most popular climbing destination in Chile. It is known as the Yosemite of South America, and has many different large granite walls and rocks.
The mountain peaks offer breathtaking views. Climbers from all over the world are constantly discovering new routes on the rock faces, which seem to have endless potential.
Downhill winter sports, such as skiing and snowboarding, are very popular. You slide down a snow-covered slope with skis or a snowboard on your feet.
Skiing is a popular travel activity with many enthusiasts, who are sometimes referred to as "ski bums," who plan entire vacations around skiing at a particular location.
Skiing has been around for a very long time: there are cave paintings of skiers dating back to 5000 BC!
The beginnings of skiing date back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the first recreational ski resort in Australia was opened by Norwegians.
Backpacking with skis: this activity is also known as off-piste skiing, skitouring or ski hiking.
It's not exactly the same, but it's similar to alpine skiing or mountaineering, which is a lot of what's done on steep terrain. Here, you need much sturdier skis and boots.
You can see the ski route as a hiking route.
In good conditions, you can cover greater distances than when walking, but it is rare that you can reach the speed of cross-country skiing on prepared slopes without a heavy backpack.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but with many independent countries. Normally, travelers between different countries have to apply for a visa multiple times and undergo passport checks.
The Schengen area functions in this area, however, almost like a single country.
As long as you stay within this zone, you can usually cross the border without having to undergo passport control again.
If you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa separately for each Schengen country, which saves time, money and paperwork.
There is no universal definition that indicates which produced items are antiques. Some tax offices give goods that are older than 100 years the definition of antiques.
The definition can differ per location. In North America, for example, the age limit is lower than in Europe.
It is possible to label handmade products as antiques, even if they are newer than similar mass-produced items.
For the Sámi, reindeer herding is an important form of livelihood. The culture surrounding the trade is also very important for many with other professions.
However, even traditionally not all Sámi were involved in large-scale reindeer husbandry. They made a living from fishing, hunting and suchlike, and reindeer were usually used as draft animals.
Many Sámi work in modern professions today. In Sápmi, the Sámi area, tourism is an important source of income.
The word "gypsy" is mainly used by non-Roma, but it is also often considered offensive because of the associations with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of the Roma.
If there is a travel advisory for the country you are planning to visit, this may have consequences for your travel health insurance or cancellation insurance.
In addition to the advice of your own government, you can also consult the advice of other governments. However, their advice is aimed at their own residents.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East may be faced with different situations than Europeans or Arabs.
Opinions only include a brief summary of the political situation in a single country.
They often provide a fleeting, general, and extremely simplistic view compared to other, more detailed sources.
Severe weather is the general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can cause damage, serious social disruption or loss of life.
Extreme weather conditions can occur anywhere in the world. There are several types of weather conditions, which vary based on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
The effects and consequences of severe weather include, for example, strong winds, hail, heavy rainfall and forest fires, but also thunderstorms, tornadoes, flash floods and hurricanes.
Snowstorms, ice storms and dust storms are just a few examples of regional and seasonal extreme weather phenomena.
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of the risks that severe weather conditions in their vicinity entail, as these can also affect some travel plans.
Anyone who wants to visit a country that is considered a war zone should be professionally trained.
A search on the internet for "survival course in hostile environments" is likely to yield the address of a local company.
In a course, all the issues outlined here are normally covered in more detail, usually in combination with practical experience.
A course normally lasts 2 to 5 days and consists of role-playing, a lot of first aid and occasionally weapons training.
There are many books and magazines with articles about survival in the wilderness, but there are very few publications about war zones.
Travellers who have planned a gender-reassignment surgery abroad should ensure that they have the correct documentation for their return journey.
It varies widely whether governments want to provide passports without a gender (X) or to update a name or gender on documents.
There is just as much difference in the willingness of foreign governments to recognize these documents.
Searches at security checks have also become much more extensive since 11 September 2001.
Transgender individuals who have not yet undergone surgery can expect to be subjected to this scan without their privacy and dignity being respected.
Surf streams are the recurring flow of waves that break on a reef or something similar and flow onto the beach.
Due to the submarine topography, the return flow is located in some deeper parts, where a fast current towards deep water can arise.
Most of the deaths are caused by exhaustion as people try to swim against the current. This could be impossible.
When you have escaped from the strong current, swimming back is a piece of cake.
Try to focus on a place where you won't be caught again. Depending on your skills and whether you have been noticed, you can also wait for help.
The shock of returning is worse than the culture shock (you have a lesser "honeymoon feeling"), it lasts longer, and it can be more intense.
Travelers who easily adapt to new cultures sometimes have trouble adapting to their own culture again.
If you have lived abroad and then returned, you have adapted to the new culture and in the process lost some of the habits of your own culture.
In the past, when you went abroad, you noticed that people were patient and understanding. They understood that travelers had to adjust to a new country.
Usually, patience and understanding are not expected for travelers returning home.
For children, the pyramid show with light and sound is one of the most interesting activities in the area.
You see the pyramids in the dark and you see them in silence before the show starts.
Often, the sound of vendors and tourists is always audible here. The story of the light and sound is like that of a book.
The Sphinx forms the background and is the narrator of a long story.
The scenes appear as a projection on the pyramids, and the rest of the pyramids are highlighted.
The South Shetland Islands were discovered in 1819 and have since been claimed by various countries. They have the most bases, with sixteen active in 2020.
The archipelago is located 120 km north of the peninsula. The largest island is King George Island, with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Others are Livingston Island, and Deception. Here you will find the overflowing crater of an active volcano that serves as a spectacular natural harbor.
Ellsworth is located on the southern side of the peninsula, near the border with the Bellingshausen Sea.
Here the mountains of the peninsula give way to the plateau, after which they reappear to form the 360 km long Mount Ellsworth mountain range, which is crossed by the Minnesota glacier.
The northern part, also known as the Sentinel Range, includes the highest mountains in Antarctica, the Vinson Massif. Mount Vinson is the highest mountain at 4,892 meters.
A satellite phone may be your only option in remote locations where there is no cell phone reception.
A satellite phone is not really a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outside in an open area with a clear view of the satellite to make a phone call.
This service is often used by shipping, including pleasure craft, and for expeditions where external data and communication are required.
Your local phone provider can give you more information on how to connect to this service.
It is becoming increasingly popular for people planning a gap year to travel and learn.
School leavers in particular make use of this to take a gap year before university without it having any negative consequences for their education.
Often, enrolling in a study abroad program during a gap year can increase your chances of returning to higher education in your home country.
Normally, tuition fees must be paid for enrollment in these educational programs.
Finland is a fantastic destination for boating. The 'Land of a Thousand Lakes' also has thousands of islands, both in the lakes and in the archipelagos off the coast.
A yacht is not necessarily for the archipels or lakes.
The archipelagos off the coast and the largest lakes are indeed large enough for any yacht, but with smaller boats or even a kayak, you get a completely different experience.
In Finland, so many people sail in their free time that the ratio of boats to people is one to seven or eight.
The figure is equal to the figure for Norway, Sweden and New Zealand. Furthermore, it is quite unique (in the Netherlands, for example, the figure is one in forty).
Most Baltic cruises include a long stay in Saint Petersburg (Russia).
This way, you can spend a few full days in the historic town and spend the night on the ship.
Since 2009, you do not need a separate visa if you only go ashore during a boat excursion.
Some cruises include a visit to the German capital city of Berlin, but as you can see on the map, Berlin is not close to the sea. A visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Flying can be scary for people of all backgrounds and ages, especially if they have never flown before or if they have had a traumatic experience.
It is not something to be ashamed of: it is no different from many fears that other people also have.
Knowing how planes work can help to alleviate a fear that comes from the unknown or from the fact that you have no control over the plane.
Courier companies are paid a generous fee to deliver items quickly. For business documents, purchases or spare parts for a necessary repair, time often plays a very important role.
Larger companies could use their own planes for certain routes, but for other routes and smaller companies it became more difficult.
If they ship things via air transport, it can take days on some routes before they are unloaded and cleared by customs.
Only checked baggage could be processed more quickly. According to the rules of airlines, there must then be a corresponding passenger, and that is you.
The most obvious way to fly first or business class is to pay for the privilege (or, even better, have your employer pay for it).
However, this is not cheap: the rule of thumb is that you pay about four times the price of economy class for business, and about eleven times for first class.
It usually makes no sense to look for discounts for business class or first class tickets on direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know all too well that there is a group of flyers who are willing to pay a lot of money to fly somewhere quickly and comfortably, and the airlines charge appropriate fees for this.
Chişinău is the capital of Moldova. The Romanian language is mainly spoken here, but the Russian language is also very common.
As a multi-ethnic republic, Moldova was plagued by an ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed republic of Transnistria in the east of Moldova. This republic has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by members of the UN.
Economic ties have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova, despite the fact that the political negotiations failed.
Orthodox Christianity is the main religion in Moldova.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with approximately 3.7 million inhabitants, the largest port after Istanbul and a major transport hub.
The once ancient city of Izmir is now a modern, developed and busy commercial center on a bay and is surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, the glass buildings and the modern shopping centers covered with red roof tiles, the 18th-century markets, the old mosques and churches, but still the city feels more like a Mediterranean, European city than traditionally Turkish.
In the village of Haldarsvík, you can enjoy views of the nearby island of Eysturoy, as well as a special church with eight corners.
There are some fascinating marble pigeon sculptures on a number of graves near the church.
If you have half an hour to spare, you should definitely take a look around this village.
In the north, you will find the easily accessible, romantic and fascinating town of Sintra. Sintra became famous among foreigners after Lord Byron spoke highly of the beautiful monuments there.
Scotturb bus 403 runs regularly to Sintra, with a stop at Cabo da Roca.
Also head north to see the stunning Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (a temple complex), where internationally renowned Marian apparitions took place.
Remember that you are actually just visiting a mass grave, but also a place that has an almost immeasurable significance for a large part of the world's population.
Many men and women who survived their time here are still alive, and many of them have loved ones who were murdered there or worked themselves to death, both Jews and non-Jews.
Show all appropriate respect, solemnity, and dignity during your visit. Do not trivialise the Holocaust or Nazism.
Do not damage the site by marking or graffiti on the structures.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the inhabitants prefer to speak Catalan, the vast majority can understand it, and almost everyone speaks Spanish.
Still, most signs are in Catalan, as that is the first official language according to the law.
Spanish is frequently spoken in public transport and other facilities.
Regular announcements in the metro are only in Catalan, but unscheduled interruptions are made by an automated system in several languages, including French, Arabic, Spanish, English and even Japanese.
The inhabitants of Paris are known to be selfish, rude and arrogant.
While this is usually just an incorrect stereotype, it can't hurt to put your best foot forward in Paris and act like someone who is "bien élevé" (well-bred). This will make it a lot easier to explore Paris.
The tough exterior of Parisians quickly disappears when you show that you are familiar with their way of doing things.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, and this forested area consists mainly of beech, spruce, and pine trees, and includes a combination of alpine and Mediterranean flora.
There are a very large number of different plant communities, due to the different microclimates, the different types of soil and the varying differences in altitude.
This area is also the habitat of a very wide range of animal and bird species.
Rare animals such as the European brown bear, the wolf, the eagle, the owl, the lynx, the wild cat and the capercaillie can be found there, in addition to all kinds of more common species.
When women visit a monastery, they are required to wear a skirt that reaches to just above the knee and their shoulders must be covered.
You usually get a shawl as a woman if you arrive at a monastery unprepared, but if you bring your own, with nice bright colors, the monk or nun at the entrance will smile at you kindly.
On the other hand, men must wear pants that reach at least above the knee.
You can also borrow these from the stock at the entrance, but this clothing is not washed after each use, so you might not feel comfortable with that. One size fits all for men!
Like many other Mediterranean regions, the cuisine of Majorca is based on bread, vegetables and meat (especially pork), and olive oil is used extensively.
A simple and popular dish for dinner, mainly during the summer months, is Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomatoes, and whatever flavorings are available, such as cheese, tuna, etc.
Proper nouns, just like Sie which means you, always have a capital letter at the beginning, even if they are in the middle of a sentence.
This is how you make a significant distinction between a number of verbs and objects.
It also probably makes reading easier. However, writing is more complicated, because you have to figure out whether a verb or an adjective should be used as a noun.
Most Italian words are written exactly as they are pronounced, so pronunciation generally poses few problems.
You need to pay the most attention to the c and the g. The pronunciation of these letters depends on the vowel that follows them.
You also need to pronounce the r and rr differently: caro means sweetheart, while carro means car.
The Persian language has a relatively simple and mostly regular grammar.
Reading this introduction to the grammar will teach you a lot about the grammar of Persian and help you understand sentences.
It is quite logical that if you know a Romance language, it is easier for you to learn Portuguese.
But people who speak a bit of Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is so similar that you don't need to learn it separately.
Pre-modern observatories are now outdated, and serve as museums or educational attractions.
Light pollution was not such a big problem back then as it is now, so they were often built in cities or on campuses, more accessible than those of today.
Most modern research telescopes are enormous facilities that are built in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Hanami is the act of viewing cherry blossoms and has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
In China, plum blossoms were the favorite flowers and that is where the concept came from.
The first cherry blossom festivals in Japan were organized by the emperor and were intended only for himself and other aristocrats at the imperial court.
Plants look their best in a natural environment, which should suppress the urge to remove even 'just one' species.
If you collect samples during a visit to a landscaped garden, you will be denied access to the garden immediately and without discussion.
Singapore is generally a very safe place to stay, very easy to navigate and almost everything is available there after arrival.
But if you are in the "high tropics," just a few degrees north of the equator, you experience both heat (always) and strong sun (when the air is clear, which is less common).
There are also a few buses heading north to Hebron, the traditional burial site of the biblical patriarchs Isaac, Jacob, Abraham, and their wives.
Make sure that the bus you take to Hebron actually goes there and doesn't just drive to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a great holiday destination.
For example, you can visit castles in the Loire Valley or the Rhine Valley, book a cruise to the interesting cities along the Danube or take a boat trip along the Erie Canal.
They also provide popular walking and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays of Christianity, celebrating the birth of Jesus.
People who do not believe in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world have also adopted many traditions that are associated with the holiday.
There is a tradition where you stay up all of Easter night until you can see the sunrise at some point.
Of course, there are Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could just as well be a pre-Christian spring and fertility ritual.
In traditional churches, a Easter Vigil is often held on the Saturday evening of the Easter weekend. Congregations often celebrate a feast in honor of the resurrection of Christ at midnight.
All animals that originally arrived at the islands came here by swimming, flying or drifting.
Due to the long distance from the mainland, it was not possible for mammals to make the journey, which is why the giant tortoise became the most common grazing mammal on the Galapagos Islands.
Since humans first set foot on the Galapagos, all sorts of mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats, and dogs.
During the winter, polar night occurs in the Arctic and Antarctic regions, which means that the sun does not actually rise.
There is a good chance that you will be able to see the aurora borealis, as the sky will be dark most of the day and night.
The areas are sparsely populated, and therefore light pollution is not a problem. This means that you can also enjoy the starry sky.
The Japanese work environment is more structured and formal than in the Western world.
Packages are standard work clothes and colleagues call each other by their last name or job title.
Unity in the workplace is of crucial importance. The focus is on group performance rather than on rewarding individual work performance.
Employees often need permission from their supervisors before they can make a decision, and they are expected to follow the supervisors' instructions without question.
