This document is in accordance with the provisions of Part 1 of GB/T 1.1-202, the Guidelines for Standardization Work: Structure and Drafting Rules of Standardization Documents.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information technology “Chinese character set code for GB 18030-2005”. In addition to structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main changes are as follows:
The scope of application of this document has been expanded (see Chapter 1),
In the double-byte coding area, the positions of the GB/I 13000 codes corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components have been changed, and in addition to 6 Chinese character components with repeated codes and 9 Chinese characters with repeated codes (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB/T 13000 code positions were changed in the four-byte coding area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
The appendix “Additional Chinese characters and radicals/components” has been deleted. See Appendix 0 of the 2005 edition.
increased the level of implementation" (see draft 9);
An informative appendix “General Standard Chinese Character Table; Code Position of Characters for Discussion” has been added. See Appendix D.
Please note that some of the contents of this document may be related to patents. The issuing agency of this document does not assume any responsibility for identifying patents.
This document is proposed by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China and is under its jurisdiction.
The publication history of this document and its substituted documents is as follows:
The first edition was published in 2000 as GB 18030-2000, and the first revision was in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 1 2022
Information Expansion “Chinese Encoding Character Set
1 This document specifies the Chinese graphic characters used in information technology and their hexadecimal representation in binary code.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other graphic character information.
This document applies to technical products that have the function of processing and exchanging information with Chinese and other graphic characters, including but not limited to software products represented by input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text conversion, handwriting recognition, and so on, as well as hardware products represented by computers, communication terminal devices, electronic book readers, and learning machines.
2 Regulative reference documents
The contents of the following documents constitute essential provisions of this document through normative references in the text.
Among them, the reference document with a date is applicable to this document only for the version corresponding to the date; the reference document without a date is applicable to this document with the latest version (including all the change orders).
GB/T 2312-1980 “Character set for Han characters used for information exchange” basic set
GB/I 11383-1989 Information processing “Eight-bit code structure and coding rules for information exchange”
GB/T 13000 General multi-byte coded character set (UCS) for information technology
3 Terms and definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character
An element in a set of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Characters (3.1) and their encoding are shown.
3.3 User-defined area private use area
Users of products that comply with this document can set their own areas.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A set of specified characters represented by a set of code characters (3.2).
3.5 Protected zone reserved zone
Leave it for future generations in the areas specified in this document.
GB 18030 1 2022
4-character phrase
4.1 Overview
The characters included in this document are encoded in single byte, double byte, or four byte.
The single-byte part includes all 128 characters from 0x00 to 0x7F in GB/T 11383-1989.
4.3 Double byte part
The double-byte part includes all graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
The characters in the double-byte portion are as specified in Appendix A.
Among them, the graphic, code position and function of the descriptive symbols shall comply with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam, and other countries and regions.
Characters with unique abstract shapes are assigned separate code positions; characters with the same abstract shape but different origins are assigned shared code positions.
The encoded Chinese characters are called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Four-character section
The four-byte part includes 66 CJK unified characters in GB/T 13000 (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB), CJK unified character expansion A, CJK unified character expansion BCJK unified character expansion C, CJK unified character expansion DCJK unified character expansion D, CJK unified character expansion F, and characters of minority languages that have been encoded in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the four-byte octet part are specified in Appendix C.
5 General structure
In the text, any number prefixed with 0x is in hexadecimal, and any number without the 0x prefix is in decimal.
In the appendix, all codes are represented in hexadecimal, and all other numbers are represented in decimal.
The single-byte part uses the coding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using the code bits 0x00~0x7F.
The Shuangzi Gong part uses two eight-bit binary strings to represent one character, with the first byte code position ranging from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the last byte code position ranging from 0x40 to 0x7E and from 0x80 to 0xFE.
The four-byte part uses 0x30 and 0x39, which are not used in GB/T 11383-1989, as the suffix for expanding the double-byte code, and the encoding range is 0x81308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The encoding range of the first character of the four-character word is 0x81 to 0xFE; the encoding range of the second character is 0x30 to 0x39; the encoding range of the third character is 0x81 to 0xFE; the encoding range of the fourth character is 0x30 to 0x39. That is: 0x81308130 to 0x81308139; 0x81308230 to 0x81308239; 0x8130FEFE30 to 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 to 0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c “0URo23061393 0xFE39FE30 to 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code position range allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
Arrangement of 6 characters
6.1 Single-character brush to arrange the order of characters in a word
The single-character record part arranges the characters according to the order of the corresponding characters in GB/T 11383-1989.
6.2 Arrangement of some characters in the word "duo"
The arrangement of the characters in the lower part of the double-letter should conform to Appendix A.
6.3 Arrangement of characters in the four-character brush part
From 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, there are 50400 code bits, which correspond to all the characters of GB/T 13000 basic multilingual planes that are not included in the double-byte part, and are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters of GB/T 13000 basic multilingual planes.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1,058,400 bits are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000. The characters are arranged in order according to the corresponding bit order of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000.
The arrangement of the characters in the four-character part shall conform to Appendix C.
7-digit number allocation
1. Allocation of code positions in the single-word city area
The code positions of the single byte part are allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
The allocation of single-byte code bits is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code position allocation for the double character part
The code positions of the double byte part are divided into two parts, 0x8140~0x817F and 0x8180~0xFEFE, with a total of 23940 code positions.
The allocation of double-byte code positions is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23,940 code positions
Double byte 1 area: 846 code points
SS WA and RS Ningde District 3, 6080 code position
First byte 0xA8~0xA9, second byte 5, area: 192 code bits
3. Structure diagram of the coding space of the double-word vegetable part
Table 2 Code position arrangement of the double syllable part
Human code position range
Code position allocation for the four-character brush part
The four-character section includes Chinese characters and some minority languages.
The allocation of the four-bit person code is shown in Table 3.
The allocation of four-byte person code positions not specified in Table 3 is shown in 6.3.
Table 3 Code position arrangement of the four-character phonetic part
Code position range
Table 3 Code position arrangement of the fourth byte (continued)
Code position Code range Number of code characters
From 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39, a total of 25200 bits are user-defined area.
The other four byte codes that are not used are reserved areas, which are left for future file extensions.
Explanation of some characters and codes in 8 parts
Compared with GB 18030-2005, the shape of some characters and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General Provisions
This document defines three implementation levels.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the scope of the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Achieve level 1
Achieve Level 1 font encoding of the single byte code part, the double season code part, and the four-byte code part of the CJK unified characters (i.e., 0x82358F33 and 0x82359636) and the CJK unified character expansion A (i.e., 0x8139EE39 and 0x82358738).
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements for achievement level 1.
Note: According to the software application needs, Level 1 can also choose any one or more non-Chinese scripts listed in Table 3.
9.3 Achieve Level 2
Implementation level 2 includes implementation level 1.
In addition, Level 2 also includes the encoding of Chinese characters that are not included in the Level 1 code in the General Standard Chinese Character Table.
The code position and character shape of the characters collected in the General Standard Chinese Character Table are shown in the appendix.
The system software and supporting software shall meet the requirements of level 2.
Note: System software and text software include but are not limited to operating systems, database management systems, and middleware (information on software product classification can be found in GB/T 36475).
9.4 Achieve Tier 3
Implementing level 3 includes implementing level 2.
In addition, level 3 is achieved by using all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the radicals listed in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of level 3.
Note: The public service and common service industries include but are not limited to the railway transportation industry, road transportation industry, water transportation industry, air transportation industry, multimodal transportation and transportation agency industry, postal industry, currency and financial services, insurance industry, land management industry, health industry, national institutions, social security, etc. (for information on industry classification, see GB/T 4754).
Appendix A (normative)
Bidirectional character table
A.1 Content of the table
This table gives the shape and code of double-byte encoded characters, and also gives the position of the GB/T 13000 code corresponding to the character.
A.2 Explanation of the table
Examples are as follows:
First byte, second byte low byte
Double byte 3 area
Second byte high position GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (Regulatory)
Descriptive text for ideographic characters
This appendix includes 13 descriptive symbols specified in GB/TI 13000, and provides their graphic symbols, code positions and functional descriptions.
See Table B.1 for specific details.
Table B.1 Graphic, code position, and function description of descriptive characters
The code positions in this document are similar to but not the same as the code position function description in GB/T 13000, and are used to express foreign words with certain characters.
Left and right structure
Hierarchical structure
Left, center, right structure
Upper, middle, lower structure
Full enclosure structure
Return to the lower encapsulation structure
Return to the upper enclosure structure
Hui Right Encirclement Structure
Return to the lower right enclosure structure
Return to the left lower enclosure structure
Return to the top right enclosure structure
Rent-to-own structure
Appendix C (normative)
Character table of four-character books
C.1 Content of the table
This table gives the character shape and code of Chinese characters and some minority nationality scripts, and also gives the position of the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code, but the character shape of other parts is omitted.
Explanation of Table C.2
Appendix D (informative)
Explanation of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions
B 18030 1 2005 specifies the temporary code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000, and these code positions are adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Correspondence of the adjusted code (continued)
This document and GB 18030-2005 correspond to this document and GB/T 13000 code positions.
D.2 6 Chinese character components deleted in the Dual-Character Word Districts
Table D.2 Code positions and reserved character shapes
D.3 9 CJK compatibility ideographs deleted in the double-width area
This document removes the 9 CJK compatibility ideographs from GB/TI 13000 included in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 Deleted 9 CJK compatibility ideographs and their code positions
Appendix 1 (informative) General standard table of Chinese characters, code position of Chinese characters
This document includes all 8105 standard Chinese characters in the "Table of 4 General Standard Chinese Character Sets" approved and issued by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. Their code positions and shapes are shown in Table 1.
The order of arrangement of the Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the standard Chinese characters in the “Table of 4,000 General Standard Chinese Characters”, and the characters with serial numbers 1 to 3500 are first-level Chinese characters, the characters with serial numbers 3501 to 6500 are second-level Chinese characters, and the characters with serial numbers 6501 to 8105 are third-level Chinese characters.
Table E.1 The shape and code position of characters in the General Standard Chinese Character Table
GB/T 4754 Industrial Classification of National Economic Activities
GB/T 36475 Classification of software products
General standard Chinese character table. State Council of the People’s Republic of China (Guo Fa [2013] 23).
The contents of this manual page are excerpted from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler, and are limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain the EURo file, the Info file is the authoritative document.
If you find any discrepancies between the manual pages and the software, please check the Info
If we find that the content of this manual page is causing obvious confusion and complaints due to being outdated, we will stop publishing it. There is no other option, such as updating the Info file while updating the man manual, because there is no time left for us to do this while maintaining Gnu cc. The GNU project considers the man manual to be outdated and believes that time should be spent elsewhere.
If you need a complete and up-to-date document, please refer to the Info document `gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual. Both are derived from the Texinfo original document gee.texinfo.
Description (DESCRIPTION) The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They all process the input file with one or more of the four steps: preprocessing, Hii (compilation), MERE (assembly), and linking.
The suffix of the source file identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix controls the default setting:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C file, and sets the connection in C form,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C++ file and sets up the C++ linkage.
The suffix of the source file indicates the type of language and the post-processing operations:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
. CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i is a preprocessed C file; compile, assemble
.ii Preprocessed C++ files; compile, assemble
.s is the source program in assembly language; assembly
Compile language source programs; preprocessing, assembly
.h preprocessor files; these are usually not seen on the command line, but are passed to the linker. They typically include:
.0 Object file
.a Archive file
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compile-time error prevents the full process), linking is always the last step.
During the linking phase, all .e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, and unrecognized file names (including specified .o H header files and .a library files) are passed to the linker options in the order specified on the command line.
The options must be given separately: de ' completely different from `-d -r '.
Most `-E' and `-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
Here we only list the formats that are not the default options.
Here is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in later sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Specifies that the language of the input file is language (rather than the default choice inferred from the file name).
This option applies to all input files until the next `-x' option .language is encountered
Disable any explicit language indication, so the file name suffix is used to process the following files (RE AS E ` -x' option).
If you only operate on a part of the four phases (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, linking), you can use the ` -x' option (or file name after Ah) to tell geo where to start, and use the `~-c'，`-s'，or `-E' options to tell geo where to end. Note that some option combinations (such as `-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF =c compile or assemble source files, ETER. ERA ATI GCC defaults to renaming the source file with `.o' and the extension `.ec' for the assembly file name. You can use the `-o' option to select other names. GCC ignores any unrecognized input after the -ec option.
The target file is ready.
Compilation stops at this point, and no assembly is performed.
Using pipes instead of temporary files between different stages of the compilation process, because those systems' assemblers cannot read data from pipes; GNU's assembler does not have this problem; the assembler accepts the C "dialect": ANSI-conforming C programs.
This will disable certain features in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as ANSI trigraph features such as unix and vax, which are rarely used, and prohibit even though all standard libraries are available under the hosted environment, the main function returns an int value, which is typical of almost all programs except the kernel. In the corresponding free-standing environment, there is no standard library, and the program entry point may not be main, which is most obvious in the operating system kernel. For details, please refer to the latest information on the gcc website.)
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', treat them in the C style - that is, do not specify the number or type of parameters. (Only for C++)
Normally, such a function foo in C++ means that the parameter is empty.
The node list is removed here in an attempt to support some aspects of the traditional C compiler.
See the NU c manual, we have deleted the details, so that when the content is outdated, people will not be HERI.
Except for one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing assignment to `this'.
He is like the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional C++ preprocessor.
Specifically, it mentions the preprocessor, but not the other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of the `$' character in identifiers (only for C++) .
You can specify the `-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly prohibit the use of the `$' symbol.
(GNU C++ allows `$' by default on some target systems, but not all systems.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversion from ant type to enumeration type (MEF c++) .
Normally, GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int, but not the other way around.
-fexternal-—templates generates smaller code for template declarations (C++ only) by generating a copy of each template function only where they are defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark all files that use the template with `#pragma implementation' (definition) or `#pragma interface' (declaration).
When the program is compiled with `-fexternal-templates ', all template instantiations are external types. You must make the required instantiations appear in the implementation file.
This can be achieved with typedef, he quotes each instance required.
Conversely, if the `-fno-exteznal-templates' option is used at compile time, all template instances are explicitly set to be internal.
All member functions (except for the constructor and the mnew or delete member operators) are considered to be virtual functions of the class they are in.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal vtable.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch allows the second and third arguments of the condition expression to be of incompatible types.
The value of this expression is Void.-fthis-—is-variable allows assignment to this (C++ only).
After merging the user-defined free storage management mechanism into C++, the assignable `this' is no longer appropriate.
Therefore, by default, assigning to this inside a member function is a no-op.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this work by using the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, similar to unsigned char.
Different machines have their own default char type. It may be unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, when relying on data for symbolic purposes, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned char.
However, many programs are written to use only simple chars, and the compiler treats them as signed numbers (or unsigned numbers, depending on the target machine on which the program is compiled).
This option, and its opposite, make the program work with the corresponding default values.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If no explicit `signed' or "unsigned' modifier is present, these options define signed or unsigned bitfields.
By default, bit fields are signed, because they inherit from the fundamental signed integer types, such as int. However, if the `-traditional' option is specified, bit fields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in the writable data segment and does not give them special treatment.
This is to be compatible with some old programs, it is a very bad idea to change string constants, the `-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive Summary
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
Its impact may be similar to the economic crisis in 2008
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed health care systems, causing them to collapse, and the restrictions imposed by governments have caused severe disruptions to the global economy.
The impact of this epidemic on the drug market is not yet clear, and it is difficult to predict, but it may be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and basic chemicals.
Traffickers, unable to cross borders due to travel restrictions, may have to find new routes and methods.
The patterns of drug use and provision may change, and the government's ability to respond may be hampered.
The changes brought by COVID-19 are unprecedented, but we can still learn some lessons from previous crises.
After the economic crisis in 2008, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances, and the pattern of use shifted towards injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut budgets related to drugs.
If governments respond to the current economic downturn in the same way, interventions to prevent drug use and related risk behaviours, as well as drug treatment services, could be hit hard.
In addition, the priority given to interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Some countries have a large amount of drugs smuggled through commercial flights, and it is expected that these countries will be the most directly affected by drug trafficking.
Messengers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in their backpacks or hide them in their personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. Since almost all places have imposed restrictions on air passenger transportation, the activities of supplying drugs using commercial air travel may be completely disrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, trafficking activities using the dark web and parcel post may increase.
In the long run, the economic recession and related closure measures may disrupt the drug market.
Due to the rising unemployment rate and lack of opportunities, the poor and vulnerable people are more likely to take drugs in a harmful way, suffer from drug addiction, and turn to drug-related illegal activities, whether it is production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable people and recruit new members to strengthen their ranks.
As government capacity to respond declines, these shifts may take root quickly, becoming the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth model partly explains the reason for the expansion of the market
Drug abuse has been increasing all over the world, both in terms of the total number of drug abusers and the proportion of drug abusers in the world population.
In 2009, there were an estimated 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018, there were an estimated 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3% of this population.
Over the past two decades, the growth rate of drug abuse in developing countries has far exceeded that in developed countries.
This reflects, to some extent, the difference in overall population growth during this period, with 7% in developed countries and 28% in developing countries, but also reflects the rapid growth of young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug users.
In the period of 2000-2018, the population of this age group in developing countries increased by 16%, while the population of this age group in developed countries decreased by 10%.
1 Urbanization is a driving factor for the current and future drug market
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more prevalent in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to the large-scale migration of the population from rural areas to cities. Currently, more than half of the world's population lives in urban areas, while in 1960 this proportion was 34%.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, especially in developing countries where urbanization trends are more pronounced.
The increase in wealth is linked to the increase in drug use, but the burden of disease is greatest among the poorest people worldwide, and drug use is more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs like cocaine are more strongly associated with the world's wealthier regions.
Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the wealthy segments of society.
However, the rate of drug addiction is higher among people with lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a few countries suggest that harmful drug use patterns are associated with low income and illness.
These patterns seem less common in wealthier segments of society.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks faced by the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment rates, have historically been associated with increased drug use, and the pandemic has already forced millions of people around the world to lose their jobs.
The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to further expansion of the drug market. The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in the cultivation of illicit crops, either because the control ability of the state authorities is reduced, or because more people may have to take risks and engage in illegal activities in the face of an economic crisis.
The related restrictions on COVID-19 have led to a reduction in air and land transportation, and maritime trafficking may have increased as a result. The risk of interception at sea is low, and there are more cases of smuggling at sea than by air or land.
Recently, there have been reports that cocaine goods are directly shipped from South America to Europe via the sea.
Increased complexity
The appearance of non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but new types of opioids with potential hazards are increasing, and the drug market is becoming increasingly complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as marijuana, cocaine, and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of drugs is also rapidly increasing.
There are about 500 new types of active substances in the domestic market of member states every year.
At present, most of them are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and a small amount of opioids.
Although the total number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
In 2014, the total number of new types of psychoactive substances was only 2%, but by 2018, this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances are analogues of fentanyl, the effects and dangers of which have been proven, leading to fatal overdoses in North America and other regions, but to a lesser extent.
In North America, fentanyl is used as an adulterant for heroin and other drugs (including cocaine and methamphetamine) and is used to manufacture counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
Some evidence suggests that the injection of new psychoactive substances is also a phenomenon in Europe: a study of the residue of discarded syringes in six European cities found that many syringes were contaminated with new psychoactive substances that produce a stimulant effect.
2 The use of new psychoactive substances may gradually become entrenched in vulnerable populations
A single type of new psychoactive substance has almost never formed a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
22 countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with synthetic cannabinoids identified as the main challenge in most countries.
The regulation of precursor chemicals has forced drug manufacturers to innovate. Many chemicals used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine, and "ecstasy" have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and manufacturers have been looking for alternatives, not only for substances with looser regulation, but also for chemicals designed specifically to evade regulation, so-called "special precursors".
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to further squeeze drug makers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico shows that this has become a reality: it was reported in March 2020 that the shortage of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia led to a rise in the price of methamphetamine in Mexico and the United States.
The market is constantly changing.
Synthetic drugs replace opioids in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opiate market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The amount of opiates seized by Russian Federation authorities has decreased by about 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use has decreased significantly.
But the market for doping seems to be thriving.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various ketamines, including methoxetamine and a-PVP, are now widely available on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities reported that the number of secret workshops producing various illegal drugs has risen sharply in recent years, more than doubling in two years, reaching 152 workshops in 2018.
Growth in the methamphetamine market in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of hospital, prison and other institution staff revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal methamphetamine has become another major drug of concern, in addition to "fenanyl" and ketamine.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug users saying marijuana was harder to get than "fentanyl" or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities have discovered several methamphetamine processing points, and the Board has expressed concern about the large-scale import of pseudoephedrine agents, which are used as precursors by methamphetamine processing points.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacturing appears to have begun in 2014.
Since then, the amount of methamphetamine seized has been steadily increasing.
However, the amount of seizures in the first half of 2019 was 657 kilograms, a significant increase compared to the previous year.
Large seizures of methamphetamine believed to originate from Afghanistan have also been reported in other countries, indicating that production in the country is rapidly increasing.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions that have legalized the non-medical use of marijuana have seen an increase in marijuana use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States allow the manufacture of marijuana products for non-medical use.
In most jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical cannabis use.
In Colorado and Washington, the first two states to pass legislation in the United States, the use of marijuana by adults for non-medical purposes has increased, especially in the past month and in daily or almost daily use, which has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that marijuana use in Uruguay has increased since 2011, and last month's use almost doubled.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is frequent and regular use of marijuana.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, use also increased.
However, in 2019, 40% of marijuana users still obtained some products from illegal sources.
Is the legalization of marijuana behind the sharp drop in global marijuana seizures?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years, due to declining seizures in North America, which fell by 84% over the past decade.
In comparison, seizures in other parts of the world during the same period almost doubled. The patterns of seizures suggest that policies aimed at liberalizing the marijuana market played a key role in the decline.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances seems to have a deterrent effect, but it is still difficult to assess the effectiveness of the regulation of new psychoactive substances in the country.
Some countries with different regulatory systems for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of use of new psychoactive substances.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased after domestic legislation was passed.
Weak groups face harm from both legal and illegal drug markets. Opioids used for pain management and palliative treatment are mainly provided in high-income countries. Painkillers are unevenly distributed in different regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all medicinal opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
The population of these countries accounts for about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries account for 88% of the world's population, but consume less than 10% of the world's pharmaceutical opioids.
Barriers to accessing opioids for pain are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of drug addiction. In 2018, about 35.6 million people were addicted to drugs.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalization can increase the risk of addiction and exacerbate its consequences. Studies in high-income countries confirm this, showing that an individual's unfavorable socioeconomic trajectory is not only related to their condition at a certain point in time, but also to the risk of addiction.
Drug addiction also deepens socioeconomic disadvantage, further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty, and homelessness, thereby fueling a vicious cycle of disadvantage. These outcomes may also be related to the stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, groups with diverse sexual orientations, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and people in rural areas may also be disproportionately affected by drug addiction or face problems accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life year (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy life years lost due to disability and premature death, harmful drug use has had a wider social impact in the past decade.
Between 2007 and 2018, the global disability-adjusted life years attributable to drug use increased by 17%.
The increase in the number of years of life adjusted for disability due to liver cancer caused by untreated hepatitis C among injecting drug users is particularly high - up to 40%.
The complex relationship between drugs and violence makes it difficult to establish all the causal relationships between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggest that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
But in violent incidents, alcohol seems to play a bigger role than drugs.
Although drug use may lead to crime, in some cases, this link can be partly attributed to multiple mediating factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of disadvantage caused by individual risk, family environment, and peer influence.
The link between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, may be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the presence and extent of violence is more dependent on certain changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or imprisonment of notorious criminals, and law enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.
Latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most dangerous
It is estimated that 192 million people used marijuana in 2018, making it the most widely used drug in the world.
In comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
But the related harm of opioids has been ignored because of the small number of users.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug use in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances, and 50% of the 21 million years of life lost to drug-related disability or premature death were caused by these substances.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa and North Africa, the crisis of opioids is caused by Ketamine; in North America, it is caused by fentanyl. These two regions have almost no common points in terms of economic, demographic data or general drug abuse patterns, but they are both struggling to combat the opioid crisis fueled by substances that are easy to obtain and have low production costs.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in opioid overdose deaths in the past 20 years.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada also reported similar results, but with lower numbers.
Part of the reason that fentanyl causes so many overdose deaths is that the drug is unpredictable on the illicit drug market.
In West Africa, Central Africa and North Africa, the market for non-medical uses of ketamine has grown significantly.
In the region, more and more patients with conditions that can be treated with Kymriah are being treated.
In 2017, the amount of ketamine seized worldwide increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.
But in 2018, after India passed a new law to regulate ketamine, global seizures fell to 32 tons.
The crisis in these two places was caused by the simple manufacturing and low production costs, and the lack of international regulation on ketamine and many fentanyl-like substances or their precursors.
The crisis in both places is exacerbated by the fact that these substances are available on both the pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
Doping use is increasing.
The field of doping is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, and the use of these substances is on the rise in their main markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, because cocaine is very popular in North America and Western Europe.
In the same year, about 27 million people used amphetamines, of which methamphetamine was the most commonly used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, methamphetamine use in both regions has been expanding for 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes substituting for each other, with the use of one drug increasing as the use of the other decreases, sometimes increasing and decreasing at the same time to meet the same market demand.
COVID-19 increases the risk for injecting drug users
It is estimated that there were about 11.3 million people injecting drugs in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections are caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million injecting drug users are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million people are infected with hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died of drug abuse, half of whom died of liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and most of the injecting drug users with hepatitis C have not been treated.
5 The shortage of opioids caused by COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to substitute them with more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injecting or inject more frequently, more harmful use may occur.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Instructions for use
Product introduction
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it properly.
The headphones themselves come with medium-sized ear cushions, so if you feel uncomfortable, you can remove the ear cushions.
01 Wear headphones
Gently insert the earbuds into your ears at an angle, and make sure the headphones do not move when you shake your head.
When talking, pointing the earphone microphone towards your mouth can make the conversation clearer.
Please adjust the headset to expose the microphone when changing the speaker.
Before using the charging head, please tear off the net on the charging points of the left and right earphones, and charge the charging box and earphones.
Insert the charging line to charge the earphones and the charging box at the same time.
The charging box is not fully charged, the red light of the charging indicator is on, and the red light is off when it is fully charged.
When charging the earphones, the earphone indicator light is red and stays on, and the earphones are fully charged when the earphone indicator light is white and stays on for 1 minute before turning off.
02 Charge and turn on the machine
The headphones are in the charging box, and the headphones will automatically turn on when taken out of the charging box.
The earphones are not in the charging case and have been turned off. Press and hold the multifunction button for about 1 second (the white light will stay on for 1 second).
Long press for about 1 second
The white light stays on for 1 second.
Turn off the power.
When placed in the charging case, the earbuds will turn off automatically.
Long press the multifunction key for about 5 seconds when the device is on (the red light will be on for 2 seconds)
Hold down for about 5 seconds
Red light for people is on for 2 machines
03 Start using it
Auto connection: The two earphones are automatically connected from the charging box outside.
The two cats automatically opened the door, and the white light came on.
The red and white lights then flickered. The left and right compartments seemed to be connected in series.
Wait for the left/right earphone white light to flash. Open the device and search for “RedmIArDots2” and click to connect.
After the first connection, the Kangxi can automatically reconnect to the last paired device (Bluetooth must be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the earbuds back into the charging case and repeat the above steps.
Press and hold for about 1 second to turn on the device
Earphone indicator light
Single ear/double ear switching; the two earphones are connected as a double ear connection after successful connection; when either earphone is put back into the charging box and turned off, the other earphone enters single ear mode, and it will automatically return to double ear mode when taken out again.
Manual connection: When the headphones are turned off, manually turn on both headphones. The white light will turn on, and then the red and white lights will flash. The left and right headphones will automatically be connected. Wait for the left/right headphones to flash slowly, and then open the device and search for a Bluetooth connection.
Reset the headphones
If the headphones cannot be connected and used normally, please reset them according to the following methods
Earphones: Take the earphones out of the charging box, and in the off state, press and hold both earphones for 15 seconds, until the red and white lights flash alternately three times, then release and put them back in the charging box (to clear the connection record between the earphones and the phone).
04 The product accessories, user interface, etc. in the manual are all illustrations for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the illustrations. Please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi ecological chain enterprises)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Subdistrict, Qingyang District, Chongqing
Customer service hotline: 400-100-5678
For information on Benzene Operations, please check the sales network: www.micom.com
Bemin Book Chanting: V10reae
Key features
The following functions can be operated on both left and right earphones. Press lightly to answer a call; during a call or when someone calls you, press to play/pause audio; press and hold for about 1 second to end the call.
When receiving a call, reject the call and switch to the earphone/handset by double-clicking the button
During the call, start/stop the mute mode
When idle, turn on the voice assistant (requires device support for voice function and quick wake-up setting is turned on)
Answer the second call and switch the call
When there is a new incoming call during a mobile phone call, click the multifunction key to keep the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the multifunction key to switch between the two calls.
Basic parameters
Product name: Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Product model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the headphones
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameters: 5V, 2, 100mA
Net weight per ear: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (in an unobstructed open environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5.0
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Call time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
Warning
1 Please do not disassemble, repair or modify the headphones for any reason, otherwise it may cause fire or even completely damage the product;
2 Please do not place the device in an environment with too low or too high temperature;
3 When using the device indicator light, please avoid the eyes of children or animals;
4 Do not use the device in thunderstorms, as thunderstorms can cause the device to malfunction and increase the risk of electric shock;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to clean this product;
6 Do not let this product come into contact with liquids.
Please pay attention.
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 You must choose a charger that has been produced by a regular manufacturer and has been certified by the national CCC certification.
3. Long-term continuous use of earphones will damage your hearing. Please control the use time and volume reasonably;
4 Using headphones will reduce your perception of external sounds. Please do not use headphones in environments that may pose a safety threat.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5 a 500mA
Output parameters: 5V at 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Type of battery: lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Warranty Statement
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones product after-sales service is strict
In accordance with the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, after-sales service is provided with three guarantees, the content of which is as follows:
I. Warranty Policy
1. Within 7 days from the day you receive the product, if the product has performance failure listed in the “Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Failure Table”, you can enjoy free return or exchange service after being confirmed by the after-sales service center of Xiaomi;
2 Within 8-15 days from the day you receive the product, if the product has performance failure listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 ee E failure table”, it can be confirmed by the after-sales service center of Xiaomi, and
3. Within 12 months from the date of receipt, if the product has performance failure as listed in the “Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Failure Table”, it can be repaired free of charge after being confirmed by the after-sales service center of Xiaomi.
Table of product performance faults of Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Name Performance failure
1 No sound is heard during use.
During the call with the electric toothbrush earphones, the other party couldn’t hear anything.
It cannot be charged.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 Unauthorized repair, misuse, collision, negligence, small use, liquid infiltration, accident, alteration, incorrect use of non-product accessories or tearing, defacing, or altering of labels or anti-counterfeiting marks;
2 The three-package period has expired;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4. The situation does not meet the performance failure listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Failure Table
5. The product and its accessories have performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Fault Table” due to human factors.
Name and content of hazardous substances in the product
Hazardous substances are listed in this table in accordance with the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit requirements specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit argues over refugee policy, EU officials: bottleneck in the reception process - ECNS
The EU summit is still arguing about refugee policies, EU officials: there are bottlenecks in every step of the reception process
[Global Times correspondent in Belgium, Niu Liufei] According to a report by Agence France-Presse on February 10, at the latest EU summit, European Commission President von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration to make it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
According to reports, the EU's move is a response to the growing problem of illegal immigration in Europe. At present, the core problem of the EU is that there are very few illegal immigrants who can eventually be deported.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize substantial EU funds" to strengthen external borders with infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and member states are still arguing over issues such as the cost of the fence.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly stated that EU funds will not cover the costs.
However, some member state diplomats said that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along the external border, this would free up national budgets and speed up the construction process.
The European website Euractiv said that EU officials admitted that there were bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process, the limited reception capacity and the overburdened immigration authorities of member states could not stop refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications in EU countries, and the refugee reception system of the EU was in a near "permanent crisis".
According to the European Commission, the Schengen countries in the EU received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half from the previous year.
At the same time, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
Against this background, the summit also reached an agreement on a “principle” that EU countries can return illegal immigrants to their home countries based on the court ruling of another member country.
In addition, the report said that EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of safe countries", which would pave the way for the EU to establish a common list.
(Source: Global Times, author: Niu Li Fei)
The US upgrading of the “chip war” deals a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry - ecns.cn
Recently, the US-China "chip war" has escalated significantly - first, the Netherlands and Japan, under pressure from the United States, agreed to launch controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; then, foreign media reported that the US government is considering cutting off all links between US suppliers and Huawei, banning US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to issue an executive order to restrict US investment in China's sensitive technology industry... In early 2023, the United States has been using all sorts of underhanded tactics to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its actions to suppress China's development of semiconductors. On the one hand, it has carried out precision suppression of the semiconductor production and supply chain in China, and on the other hand, it has formed a semiconductor industry alliance to "de-Chinese" the industry, in order to completely "shake off" China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to form a "technical alliance" with South Korea, or to form a "four-party alliance" with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, or to establish a "semiconductor small circle" through the "four-party mechanism" and the "Indo-Pacific Economic Framework" of the United States, Japan, India and Australia, the United States is trying to build a closed production and supply chain cycle led by the United States by introducing politicized, factionalized and weaponized means into the semiconductor industry, in order to make up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintain its leading position in the global semiconductor industry.
However, the United States' high-profile "chip war tactics" against China are also "harm the enemy a thousand times and harm oneself eight hundred times."
Recently, the well-known American chip manufacturing equipment supplier Applied Materials announced that, affected by the latest round of export bans on chip manufacturing equipment to China, the group will lay off 1,300 full-time employees and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
ASML, the global leader in lithography, recently warned that the ban on exporting semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to a rise in semiconductor prices.
According to an analysis by American media, many American companies have been severely affected by the US government's arbitrary suppression of China's chip and semiconductor industries, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, producers of wafer manufacturing equipment, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The United States, in its so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry, has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has formed a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain.
According to estimates by professionals, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products requires crossing national borders more than 70 times, and the whole process takes 100 days.
Although the United States has a strong foundation in the semiconductor industry, its manufacturing capabilities, especially in advanced process technologies, are relatively weak, and it relies heavily on the East Asian region.
Even if the United States makes every effort to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to the "small circle" regional development dominated by the United States, the regional distribution and mutual dependence of the global semiconductor industry will be difficult to change.
The United States has vigorously “reshaped” and “de-Chinese-ized” the semiconductor industry chain, causing a severe blow to the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the future industry of the world, and the development of the chip industry cannot be separated from the joint participation of all countries in the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively introducing the Innovation and Competition Act, the America COMPETES Act of 2022, and the CHIPS and Science Act, using technological hegemony to consolidate its technological leadership; it has used both carrots and sticks to coerce chip manufacturers such as Intel, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, and Samsung to set up factories in the United States, in order to ensure its global leadership in the chip industry.
In the short term, the United States has indeed caused trouble for China's chip industry and related industries, and has gained real benefits.
However, in the long run, the United States' irrational suppression will force China's chip industry to continue to break through, causing it to lose the huge Chinese market. Ultimately, this will greatly weaken the innovation willingness and ability of American technology companies and harm the development of the global chip industry.
Gao Qiao
The first batch of personal pension financial products go on sale, with a minimum holding period of 360 days - ECNS
The first batch of personal pension financial products go on sale
7 products of the family institution can be chosen, the shortest can only be held for 360 days
Personal pension financial products have finally been launched.
On February 10, China Finance Online released the first batch of personal pension fund investment products, and 7 personal pension fund investment products from Industrial Bank Wealth Management, Agricultural Bank Wealth Management and China Postal Savings were officially launched.
At this point, the “shelves” of personal pension accounts have finally collected four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension wealth management, personal pension insurance, and publicly offered pension funds.
It was introduced that the first batch of personal pension financial products are all publicly offered net asset value open-ended products, including 5 new products and 2 existing products, of which only one product is a mixed type product, and the other 6 products are fixed income type products.
The Beijing Youth Daily reporter saw that 4 of the 5 new products came from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) Asset Management, all of which were fixed income products, with the shortest holding period of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days, and the corresponding performance benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, and 5.25% - 5.75%, respectively.
The remaining new product is “Postal Savings Wealth Addition·Hongjin No. 1 with a holding period of no less than 1095 days”, which is also a fixed income product. It began to collect funds on February 10 and ended on February 19. The risk level is level 2.
One of the two existing products is the Agricultural Bank Wealth Management “Agricultural Bank Unity·Lingdong” 360-day science and technology innovation RMB wealth management product, with a mixed investment nature and a risk level of three.
Another existing product is “Postal Savings Wealth Addition · Hongjin No. 1 with a minimum holding period of 365 days”, a fixed-income type product that started collecting funds on December 30 last year and officially started operating on January 4 this year, with a cumulative net value of 1.0011 as of February 8.
According to the "Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Personal Pension Funds", the financial products that can be invested in personal pension fund accounts include bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, publicly offered funds, etc.
The launch of the first personal pension wealth management products marks the official start of personal pension investors purchasing wealth management products through their personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the Provisional Measures for the Management of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Asset Management Companies.
The Measures stipulate that participants can purchase personal retirement savings products, personal retirement insurance products, personal retirement public fund products, etc. through their personal retirement fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice to clarify that the personal pension system will be launched in Beijing, Tianjin, and 36 other cities and regions, including Shijiazhuang, Xiong'an New Area, and Jincheng City in Shanxi Province.
As of the end of 2022, the number of participants in personal pensions was 19.54 million, the number of payers was 6.13 million, and the total amount of contributions was 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot only listed three types of products: personal retirement savings, personal retirement insurance products, and publicly offered personal retirement funds.
Now that personal pension financial products have been launched, how should investors choose?
Experts from the product development department of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China said that compared with other personal pension products, the pilot phase pension financial products and personal pension financial products both have three characteristics.
First, stability: the risk management mechanism is more sound, investment strategies and concepts are more stable, and non-parent third-party independent custody is implemented.
Second, it is long-term. The term of the pilot phase of the elderly financial products is 5 years or more. The minimum holding period for the next batch of personal elderly pension financial products will be 1 year, and holding for more than 3 years is encouraged.
Third, it is inclusive, with a low threshold for product purchase, with a minimum purchase amount of 1 yuan, and some as low as 0.01 yuan, and the custody fees, management fees, and other fees for the products are more favorable.
Professionals pointed out that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the products and their own risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have the characteristics of long term, high interest rates, and high safety, which are suitable for people with low risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products focus on protection, which is more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; while personal pension wealth management products and public fund products do not guarantee principal or returns, have certain investment risks, but have higher expected returns, which are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk tolerance.
Article/Reporter: Cheng Jie, Coordinator/Qi Haibo
The fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust - www.chinanews.com
Another large gym “explodes”?
Recently, the issue of member rights protection of the famous fitness institution, Cheng Fitness, has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their local stores were not operating normally, and then rumors about the agency going bankrupt and running away caused panic among members, leading to the involvement of public security and human resources departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the institution responded and promised to strive to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the turmoil was finally settled.
Why is it that many members' first reaction is "something is wrong" when some of the stores of individual fitness institutions encounter business problems and are temporarily closed, and consumers could have waited calmly for the problems to be resolved?
Behind the wave of members’ rights protection in fitness clubs, there is a deep-seated problem of industry trust crisis.
Traditional gyms in China generally adopt a prepaid model, and “making money from users who don’t come” is the underlying logic of their development.
By obtaining cash flow through pre-sale membership cards, and constantly opening new stores, it seems that a cycle can be formed, but in fact, it is like eating breakfast and dinner, and it is impossible to form a stable profit model.
Negative news about the fitness industry, such as gyms closing down, has had a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the market prospect, fitness clubs are certainly a good business with “money-making potential”.
Although the fitness track has its ups and downs, it has always been the focus of capital.
Various data show that the enthusiasm in areas such as sports and leisure consumption is constantly rising, and the market is continuously recovering.
Specifically in the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards and the deepening of the concept of healthy living, the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the development of quality.
However, some institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption, and have sounded the horn to expand and develop after just emerging from the crisis, pouring all their financing funds into the construction of new stores.
It cannot be denied that in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn due to the impact of the pandemic, and the industry has been reshuffled. At this time, it is not uncommon for enterprises with strength to selectively increase their acquisition efforts and reposition themselves, which is a new opportunity.
However, if the fitness market is to enter a virtuous cycle and embark on a path of steady development, the industry must change its traditional mode and business strategy.
Only by working steadily and rebuilding consumer confidence and sense of security can we truly win the market and the future.
Compared to the rush to open new stores, the fitness industry currently needs to focus on optimizing services and stabilizing users through high-quality development.
First, we need to retain users through service.
Gyms belong to the service industry, and their essence is to adhere to “user orientation”, which means they must focus on user needs and put the focus of their operations on improving the quality of their services.
Secondly, we need to improve user experience through digital transformation.
For example, the current popular Internet gym model allows users to pay per session and choose their own venue.
At the same time, body data and exercise data can be effectively utilized, and social needs can be met, achieving a complete service loop from online to offline.
Without private instructors pushing sales, and without expensive annual passes, users’ concerns about gyms “running away” have been reduced, and their trust has been increased.
In addition, we must actively explore multiple business models.
Now, sports consumption has shifted from single services to scene consumption. Fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption, and the surrounding products such as sports supplements and fitness equipment that are needed for fitness are likely to become new profit points, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianjiao
Buy expensive and get a discount!
“Difference in price compensation” reappears in Nanjing real estate market - www.chinanews.com
Yangtze Evening News (reporter: Ma Chubo) On the 10th, Yangtze Evening News/ZiRen News reporters found that the "price protection agreement" that had not been seen for more than ten years had returned to the Nanjing real estate market. A property in the Jiangbei New Area claimed to offer "compensation for price differences", with other properties offering greater discounts before the handover, and the developer was willing to exchange homes and refund the difference in price for buyers.
The “price protection agreement” has a lot of conditions.
This apartment complex located in the Jiangbei New Area is called Poly Yanziji Yuntian, and Mr. Sun, a person who visited the apartment complex, told the reporter that he found a "statement" when he visited the complex last weekend.
The pictures he sent to the reporter show that the developer of the property promised that if a buyer purchases a property between February 1 and February 28, the developer will exchange the property and refund the difference in price if the discount of other properties in the project is greater than the discount enjoyed by the buyer (limited to other unsold properties in the same type of property, the same building, the same unit, and the same type of property).
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that it was actually a "price protection agreement" to make the buyer feel at ease and not worry about the developer lowering the price to promote sales. "Now I'm afraid that I'll buy it and it will be lowered in price. I don't have time to go to the sales office and make a fuss. If I don't make a fuss, I'll really be at a loss."
There are also many home buyers who believe that the “price protection agreement” is a “placebo” for home buyers, but the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who plans to buy a starter home in the north of the city, said that the properties with price guarantees must be of the same type, in the same building and the same unit. There are very few properties available for buyers to compare prices, so the "threshold" is still quite high.
Some home buyers also believe that due to information asymmetry, additional discounts may be offered during the sales process, making it difficult for buyers to “assert their rights”.
Whether or not home buyers will stay remains to be seen.
The reporter found out from Nanjing online real estate that the project was first put on sale in November last year, with a total of 252 units, including apartments of 105 square meters, 114 square meters, and 129 square meters, and the average price of fully furnished units was 39,843 yuan/square meter.
However, more than two months have passed, and online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the project is currently 157, accounting for 62.3%, of which 8th building has a total of 128 unsold units, with 113 unsold units; 44 of the 124 units in 7th building are also unsold, and the total number of units sold in the project is only 33, accounting for only 13%.
Market sources said that the “price protection agreement” had also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, the Xitang West Garden in Huashan Road in Hefei launched a "price protection plan" to attract buyers. The specific content of the plan was "the company solemnly promises that if the project's discount range is expanded within a year, the company will refund the difference to the old owners".
In April 2011, nine apartment complexes in Nanjing also offered partial compensation for the difference in price.
“The property market is recovering, and we need a ‘stimulant’ at this time.
"The 'price protection agreement' is also one of the marketing methods of real estate companies," said Mr. Shen, a senior real estate operator in Nanjing.
He believes that developers need more confidence than home buyers at present, and the launch of the "price protection agreement" is actually to give them a boost.
As for whether home buyers can stay put, he said that this depends on the impact of multiple factors such as control policies and loan thresholds, and at present, it remains to be seen.
Multiple data show economic decline, Taiwan's economic performance at the beginning of the year is poor - ECNS
Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, February 11 (reporters Zhao Bo, Huang Yang) Export trade volume has “five consecutive months of decline”, the manufacturing purchasing managers’ index (PMI) has contracted for seven consecutive months, the consumer price index (CPI) has returned to “three digits”… Recently, the Taiwan authorities have successively released economic data for January 2023.
According to expert analysis, Taiwan's economic performance at the beginning of the year was poor, and the pressure on growth was considerable.
According to the Taiwan authorities' Department of Financial Affairs, the exports of the Taiwan region in January this year were US$31.51 billion, a year-on-year decrease of 21.2%, marking the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export volume of 11 major export goods declined compared with the same period last year.
Plastic and rubber products and optical equipment saw the largest declines, falling 37.6% and 35.7% respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decline in 11 years.
Among them, integrated circuits fell by 18.3% annually, the largest drop in 14 years.
The head of the statistics department, Cai Mina, said that this shows that the weak demand effect of the consumer electronics industry has spread, and the electronics industry has entered a correction period.
Statistics show that in January, Taiwan's imports and exports fell, with the amount of exports exceeding the amount of imports at only $2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The Taiwan authorities' financial department believes that global terminal demand has decreased, industry adjustment inventory has suppressed manufacturers' willingness to purchase materials, and the export downturn is unlikely to improve in the short term. Taiwan's export recession this year is likely to be worse than expected.
According to the Taiwan Academy of Chinese Economic Research, the Taiwan manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) was 40.4% after seasonal adjustment in January this year, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, and has contracted for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring indicator system, the PMI is a dividing line at 50%, and an index greater than 50% represents expansion, while a lower index represents contraction.
In January, among the five components of Taiwan's PMI, new orders, production and human employment contracted, supplier delivery times decreased, and inventory was tight.
All six industries saw a decline in PMI, with the industries ranked by the rate of decline being the power and machinery equipment industry (35.1%), the electronic and optical industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), the basic raw material industry (42.4%), the transportation equipment industry (42.6%), and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the Taiwan authorities’ “General Accounting Office” announced that Taiwan’s CPI annual growth rate in January this year was 3.04%, which has exceeded 3% since July last year.
Among them, the price of vegetables soared by 28.25%, setting a new high in 17 months.
Tsai Chih-hsiung, a special commissioner of Taiwan's Ministry of Finance, admitted that the price increase of vegetables was beyond expectations. Excluding the Spring Festival factor, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year, and inflation pressure still exists and is still at a high point.
Looking at Taiwan's economy this year, experts expressed pessimism, according to reports by the United Daily News and Yahoo Finance, among other domestic media outlets.
Wu Dajian, a professor at the Department of Economics of “Central University” in Taiwan, analyzed that the export recession may cause export manufacturers to have cash flow problems, and the risk of debt default will increase.
At the same time, the reduction in orders has led manufacturers to cut labor costs, affecting the labor market and household economy, which in turn affects consumption capacity.
According to Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, the inflation situation in Europe and the United States has not been resolved this year, and demand continues to shrink. It is estimated that Taiwan's export recession will continue into the first half of the year.
As Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, the overall economic growth this year will be lower than last year due to the sluggish export performance.
“The important engine of global recovery” - China News Network
“In the face of the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic, the Chinese economy has shown strong resilience.
Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
“The current epidemic prevention and control in China has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released,” said Julio Rios, a well-known Chinese expert and honorary consultant of the China Policy Observation Network, in an interview with our reporter.
Rio said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China has responded calmly with its extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully demonstrating its economic resilience and management level.
While China has resolutely expanded its opening up to the outside world, the endogenous driving force of economic development has been continuously strengthened, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises have developed together.
Every year, the National Two Sessions are held in China, where representatives and members discuss the development of the country and the hot issues of people's livelihood, and broadly gather consensus, gather people's hearts, and gather wisdom, adding strength to China's development.
“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered the stage of high-quality development.
The international community expects China's wisdom and China's solutions, and expects China's development to bring new opportunities to the world.
"China is currently promoting science and technology innovation with all its strength, injecting new impetus into economic and social development," said Liu. "The investment of funds, the cultivation of talents, and the policy incentives have made China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan."
In the view of Rios, economic system reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has taken proactive measures to stabilize the economy by making the most of the advantages of the market economy and the superiority of the socialist system.
Based on the strategic point of expanding domestic demand, we will increase financial support for the real economy, support the development of private and small and medium-sized enterprises and the manufacturing industry, insist on innovative development, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the diverse consumption needs of the people... China will fully, accurately and comprehensively implement the new development concept, focus on promoting high-quality development, and build a new development pattern, which will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the launch of the Belt and Road Initiative.
“Economic stabilization and recovery after the pandemic is the common goal of the international community.
China's economic development potential is continuously being released, which will bring more benefits to the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
"Rios said that he looks forward to the joint construction of the Belt and Road Initiative continuing to play an important role in improving the infrastructure level of various countries and strengthening interconnection in various fields, and continuing to release greater potential.
(Madrid News)
(Reporter: Yan Huan, People’s Daily)
Report: The number of returning overseas students seeking employment in China reached a new high in 2022 - ECNS
Graduates returning to China in 2022 to seek employment, top 10 countries of study Source: 2022 China Returnees Employment Survey Report
China News Service, Beijing, February 11 (Meng Ruilin) - The recently released "2022 China Returnees Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as "the report") shows that the size of graduates returning from overseas in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of returning students seeking employment in China reached a new high, and the demand of Chinese enterprises for overseas talents also showed an upward trend.
The report points out that since 2020, the number of returnees seeking employment in China has increased significantly, and the number of returning students seeking employment in China has increased.
Compared with 2021, the number of graduating students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of returning students seeking employment in China reached a new high.
From the distribution of the countries where returning students go to seek employment, the UK has the highest proportion, at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), which is consistent with the ranking in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth rates, the number of graduates from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore increased significantly year-on-year in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of fresh graduates from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia decreased year-on-year.
Trends in the supply and demand of overseas returnees in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023. Source: 2022 China Overseas Returnees Employment Survey Report
The survey showed that 58% of the students who decided to return to China thought that “life in China is more convenient”, 40% decided to return to China because they “identify more with the cultural environment in China”, 32% thought that “there are more job opportunities in China”, and 22% thought that the economic activities in China would accelerate recovery and that they would have more job opportunities.
Data shows that the demand for overseas talent by domestic enterprises is rapidly increasing, and the demand for returnees is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of positions prioritized for returnees and the number of returnees seeking jobs in China both showed an upward trend. On February 3, the number of positions prioritized for returnees increased by 11% compared to January 28, and the number of returnees seeking jobs increased by 27%.
In terms of industry, in 2022, the proportion of positions from the education/training industry in the priority positions for returnees was 27.8%, ranking first, followed by professional services/consulting and the Internet/e-commerce industry with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
Changes in the number of returnees seeking employment in China in recent years. Source: “2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report”
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary for priority positions for returnees has been rising for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan, or 7%, from 13,719 yuan/month in 2021.
In terms of regions, the willingness of the overseas returnee group to develop in the new first-tier cities, second-tier cities and third-tier cities and below has increased in 2022. The proportion of applications submitted in 2022 was 31%, 15.7% and 14.3%, respectively, all higher than the proportion of applications submitted in 2021.
Regarding the benefits of studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said that they basically met their expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared to the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said that their income was higher or much higher than expected, a proportion higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(Complete)
Half the cost or even more?
Henan Province regulates and integrates the prices of dental implant medical services - www.chinanews.com
CCTV News: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but the price of over ten thousand yuan per tooth has always made many patients hesitate.
Since this year, with the acceleration of the implementation of the centralized procurement of dental implants, local governments have also put the reduction of the price of dental implants on the agenda.
From February 10, the price of conventional dental implant medical services in Henan Province will be fully controlled at 4,300 yuan, and the cost of conventional dental implantation will not exceed 97% of the control target.
Dental implants refer to a method of tooth restoration that supports and fixes the upper dental restoration body based on the lower structure implanted in the bone tissue.
The reporter learned from Zhengzhou University First Affiliated Hospital that the price for a single conventional implant, from planting to final repair, is about 16,700 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that for a case like mine, it would cost more than 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, and basically I could save half the cost.
Based on the existing projects, Henan Province has also integrated and determined the prices of 15 dental implantation services, such as “implantation fee (per implant)”, and unified the prices of provincial-level public medical institutions and the categories of medical insurance payment, and canceled or adjusted the prices of 20 medical services, such as dental implantation.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Pharmaceutical Price and Bidding Procurement Department of Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are the four parties. One is medical insurance, which will have lower expenses; hospitals will have less pressure, and patients will increase their spending appropriately; suppliers will gain a market; and patients will be the biggest beneficiaries, as the cost of implanting a tooth may be reduced by half or even more.
Shenzhen: Building China's first and world-leading smart city - www.chinanews.com
China News Service, February 11 - According to the “Shenzhen Industrial and Information Bureau” WeChat public account on the 10th, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information recently issued the “Shenzhen City Action Plan for the Construction of the Ultra-Fast Pioneer City”.
It is proposed that by the end of 2023, a super broadband network with high speed, large capacity, and low latency will be built, achieving the network construction goal of “double gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and everything connected”, and creating the first super fast pioneer city in China and a world-leading city in this regard.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of 1000M optical network.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The Plan requires a comprehensive improvement in the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Research and develop standards for the quality of 5G network services in Shenzhen, conduct 5G network testing and evaluation, and improve the quality of 5G network services.
Support basic telecommunications enterprises to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and venues, add 10,000 new 5G base stations throughout the year, and achieve an average download speed of 500Mbps and an upload speed of 100Mbps in the whole city, with download speeds of 1000Mbps and upload speeds of 200Mbps in key areas, significantly improving network speed and user experience.
Build a high-quality wireless local area network at the city level.
Establish standards for wireless local area network (WLAN) services in public places, promote the upgrading of WLAN in areas with high population density and information consumption needs in all districts of the city, and provide gigabit access capabilities.
Based on the construction of “Shenzen Network”, a unified authentication and management platform for public wireless local area networks in the city will be established, realizing “one-time authentication, seamless roaming, and intelligent switching”, and supporting the inclusion of self-built APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities in the authentication and management platform by the operators.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded APs will not be less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan also proposes building a high-quality all-optical network, constructing a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerating the construction of key communication network facilities, and improving the ability of Internet application services.
The Plan clearly states that a collaborative construction of the IoT perception system is needed.
Explore the construction and management model of urban perception terminals based on the “Hongmeng” open source operating system, reduce the cost of interconnection, accelerate the construction of city-level IoT perception platform, and promote the interconnection and intercommunication of urban IoT platform, professional IoT platform in various fields and data.
Deepen the application of IoT sensing in urban management, public services, public safety, and transportation, and expand the channels for fixed sensing of city roads, buildings, public facilities, and mobile sensing of smart networked vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity, and gas IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The Plan also mentioned strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communication applications, laying out low-altitude network infrastructure construction, and promoting the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, we will promote the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, build an ecosystem for industrial innovation and development, and support the hosting of top-level competitions and activities.
(Chinese Finance and Economics)
The Chinese e-commerce industry has emerged with a “new variable”, how can live streaming achieve “content is king”?
- China News Service
China News Service, February 11, title: “New variables emerge in China’s e-commerce industry, how can live streaming become ‘king of content’?”
Reporter: Xia Bin from China News Service
“We entered the e-commerce industry late, but we realized from the very beginning that content is very important if we want to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fangfang, a “90 after” girl from Guangdong, now operates a store selling nutritious ingredients on Douyin e-commerce, making an offline store with more than 30 years of history “bloom” online.
Imitating the style of old Hong Kong films, with classic Cantonese songs, opening the @fanyan1999 account on Douyin, the beautiful videos are refreshing to the eyes and ears.
At the recent Douyin E-commerce “Find Companions · Quality Content Sharing Special Session”, Fangfang, as a representative of quality creators, attended the session and shared her experiences and feelings about daily creation.
She said on the spot: "The carefully crafted video has attracted a lot of attention from netizens, many of whom are interested in the ingredients in my dishes and want to cook delicious food with me, which has opened up a new market for me."
”
Fangfang used the pot-stewing video to make more people fall in love with the “taste of the old man”, and a single live broadcast sold up to 300,000 pieces of health food ingredients, saving the old store on the verge of bankruptcy.
“No content, no e-commerce”, as short videos and live streaming e-commerce continue to develop, people’s requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of live streaming, live streaming rooms often attracted users with low-priced discounts, and the price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal big Vs such as Liu Yihao and Dongfang Jianshen, as well as many lesser-known influencers and merchants who have emerged in vertical sub-fields. They have improved their long-term business performance by continuously creating high-quality content that is consistent with their brand personality.
According to introduction by Gao Ya Xuan, head of operation of Douyin e-commerce star authors, in the past year, 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through Douyin e-commerce, and their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and the total transaction amount has doubled.
“Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving and vigorous author ecosystem.
” said Gao Yaoxian.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the “E-commerce Industry Content Ecosystem Health Index (ECHI) Report”, which analyzed the current “new variables” in the e-commerce industry – the importance of high-quality content – and evaluated the content ecosystem of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China using the index.
According to the e-commerce industry content ecology health index ranking in the above report, Douyin e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com ranked in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology in the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept that integrates e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional production content) and UGC (user-generated content) are the high-quality carriers for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, and the higher the possibility of e-commerce integration, the stronger the commercial value, and the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption distributed in the public and private sectors.
On the spot, Yü Guomin, professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, made an analysis and interpretation of the report.
He said that in terms of content value, the e-commerce industry has now transitioned from the “consumer accessibility” stage to the “consumer quality” stage, and high-quality, professional, and differentiated content is the “hard currency” of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the fundamental and key to the new stage of e-commerce development. Paid knowledge, professional knowledge, KOL (key opinion leaders) and other PGC content have become standard features in e-commerce live streaming.
Looking ahead to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guomin made two suggestions.
One is to promote the health and quality of the e-commerce content ecosystem from the perspective of content structure, create positive content creation and management standards, and achieve a dynamic balance between the health index of the e-commerce industry content ecosystem.
The other is from the perspective of external ecology, to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.
“In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more data and artificial intelligence support to make predictions about future development stability; in addition, provide more standard and healthy growth space for merchants, realize the value of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and jointly create a healthy content ecosystem.
”(Complete)
The financing and securities lending business of the North Exchange will start next week - www.chinanews.com
News report (reporter: Sun Jie): Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange released a message stating that, after approval by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will officially start on February 13. At that time, securities companies that have obtained margin trading trading qualifications from the Beijing Stock Exchange can accept investor orders and make margin trading transactions at the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The first batch of 56 stocks for financing and securities lending were determined based on the calculation base date of January 31, 2023.
The North Exchange said that the list of stocks for financing and margin trading and the list of securities for collateral will be published through the “Information Disclosure - Financing and Margin Trading Information” column on the official website of the North Exchange, making it convenient for investors to check.
Securities financing and securities lending are important basic systems in the securities market, and are also the most mature trading methods in the international securities market.
On September 2 last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of its establishment, the North Exchange publicly solicited opinions on margin trading business.
The launch of financing and securities lending transactions on the North Exchange is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system of the North Exchange, improve trading mechanisms, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The financing and securities lending system can enrich investors' trading strategies, meet the diverse trading needs of investors, promote the discovery of market prices, and further improve market liquidity.
Next, the North Exchange will continue to do a good job in all aspects of financing and securities lending business under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, enrich the trading system tools based on investor needs, improve the relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange that serves innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Forum was held in Beijing, and He Li-feng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing February 11th news: The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Forum was held in Beijing on February 11th in a combination of online and offline formats.
He Lifeng, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at their meeting in Bangkok and to strengthen cooperation between China and Japan in green development.
China will comprehensively implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, accelerate the green transformation of its development mode, deepen environmental pollution prevention and control, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon peak and carbon neutrality, promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion, and growth, and promote ecological priority, conservation-oriented, green, low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue deepening cooperation in green low-carbon industries, technology, policy dialogue and cultural exchanges, and promote the continuous development of green development cooperation between the two countries.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry, Koichi Hagiuda, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the Japan-China Economic Association, and included a main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency, electric and intelligent vehicles, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from the governments, enterprises, and institutions of China and Japan exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operations in Turkey and has rescued 4 trapped people - www.chinanews.com
China News Service, February 11 - According to a report on the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on the 11th, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team in Turkey sent out three action teams and 45 rescue personnel to rescue one person trapped in the rubble.
At the same time, two search and assessment teams were dispatched to assess and search 15 buildings on Vodabash Street.
As of now, a total of 4 trapped persons have been rescued, 5 victims have been found, and life signs and risk assessments have been conducted on 25 severely collapsed buildings.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue forces based on the actual situation in the disaster area and the situation at the rescue site, and continue to carry out rescue work in depth.
The rescue team obtained rescue requests through various channels, including embassies, local governments, and United Nations relief organizations, and verified them one by one through online inquiries and on-site searches.
Introduce the current rescue environment and building collapse to the Hong Kong rescue team, and conduct joint search operations.
Currently, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team, and has sent three members to participate in the work of the rescue coordination center in Region 5. It has communicated with multiple teams from Italy, the UK, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman, and other countries, and learned about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and rescue teams from various countries.
The rescue team has continuously strengthened safety management and team protection. In accordance with the principle of “unified command, safety first”, it has strengthened safety management at the rescue site and strengthened the requirements of rescue work discipline, clarifying safety precautions.
Continuously implement the system of rotating duty and post duty, and strengthen the management of camp security.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide physical examination services for the team members every day, strengthen medical protection for key personnel, and the entire rescue team is currently in good health and carrying out disinfection in the camp.
Since the establishment of the base, the logistics support team has set up 26 field tents for four categories of purposes, including command communication, equipment storage, medical decontamination, living accommodation and dog kennels, and provided more than 30 sets of rescue equipment for the scene.
Commentator from Xinhua News Agency: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project——Four discussions on deeply understanding the important speech by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing February 11th Title: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project - Four discussions on deeply understanding the important speech by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Commentator from Xinhua News Agency
“Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires coordination, systematic planning, and overall promotion, and the correct handling of a series of major relationships, such as top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, adherence to tradition and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and openness to the outside world.
“At the opening ceremony of the study seminar for the newly elected members of the Central Committee, alternate members and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres on studying and implementing Xi Jinping’s thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the rules of modernization construction, deeply and systematically explained a series of major relationships that need to be handled in practice, and provided us with a scientific methodology for vigorously promoting Chinese-style modernization.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization, and relates to the governance of the party, the country, and the military, as well as domestic and foreign affairs, national defense, etc. It requires systematic planning and the courage to reform and innovate, and to continuously achieve overall progress.
Top-level design requires a deep understanding of the trend of world development, an accurate grasp of the common aspirations of the people, in-depth exploration of the laws of economic and social development, and the formulation of plans and policies that reflect the times, grasp the laws, and are creative, and that are integrated, coordinated, and consistent in content.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are many unknown areas that need to be boldly explored through reform and innovation to promote the development of the undertaking, and we must not carve a boat to seek a sword or stand still and wait for the rabbit.
Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must enhance the strategic foresight to anticipate the future and lead the future; we must enhance the strategic comprehensiveness to solve major problems that affect the rise and fall of the party and the country; we must enhance the strategic stability, and once a strategy is formed, it must be adhered to for a long time, pursued to the end, and implemented well.
We must scientifically grasp the dialectical unity of strategy and tactics, organically combine the principled nature of strategy with the flexibility of tactics, be flexible and agile, adapt to changes, make decisions on the spot, and seize the strategic initiative in accordance with local conditions, the situation, and the trend.
The Chinese nation is a nation that upholds tradition and innovates.
We must handle the relationship between upholding tradition and innovation well. We must uphold the essence, root, and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements, and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, and place innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, in line with the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively adapt to change, seek change, and promote reform and innovation, continuously create new driving forces and advantages for development, and fully unleash the creative energy of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation for fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee for efficiency.
We are promoting Chinese-style modernization, which requires creating more efficient systems than capitalism and more effectively maintaining social fairness, so as to better achieve a balance, mutual promotion, and unity between efficiency and fairness.
We must handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness, continuously realize development for the people, development relying on the people, and development results shared by the people, so that the achievements of modernization can benefit more people and benefit them more equally.
To promote modernization with Chinese characteristics, we need to handle the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both vibrant and stable.
We must coordinate the two major tasks of development and security, implement the concept of overall national security, establish a national security system, enhance the ability to safeguard national security, and firmly safeguard the security of the state, the security of the system, the security of ideology, and the security of key areas.
While giving more consideration to security factors in development, we will enhance national security through development, use the achievements of development to consolidate the foundation of national security, and create a favorable security environment for economic and social development, continuously stimulate development vitality, and achieve a healthy interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must adhere to our own path, broaden our worldview, insist on opening up to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must insist on independence, self-reliance and self-improvement, insist on placing the development of the country and the nation on the foundation of our own strength, and insist on firmly holding the fate of our country's development and progress in our own hands.
We must continuously expand high-level opening up, participate deeply in global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the space for China-style modernization, share development opportunities in a mutually beneficial way, and create a better future together.
Only by following the right path can we achieve great things.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, and with the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era, grasp the laws, persevere in our efforts, fully unleash our initiative, creativity and enthusiasm, properly handle a series of major relationships, make great strides in the new journey of building a modern socialist country in an all-round way, and continuously open up new horizons for Chinese-style modernization.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) The Biden administration will add six Chinese entities suspected of being involved in the spy balloon plan to the blacklist this Friday (February 10).
The US Department of Commerce said that these five Chinese companies and one research institution helped modernize the Chinese military, especially in aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
Companies on the blacklist will find it difficult to obtain US technology exports.
The list is called the “entity list”, and companies on the list will not be able to purchase technology or goods from US suppliers unless they obtain a special export license from the US Department of Commerce.
The companies listed in the blacklist are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Science and Technology Co., Ltd., China Electronics Technology Group 48th Research Institute, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Eaglemen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xinhang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanxi Eaglemen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to this, the White House said it was considering broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger-scale surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident triggered further tension between China and the United States, and U.S. Secretary of State Brinken canceled his visit to China.
On February 4, the United States shot down a balloon, and the Chinese government made a serious representation to the US Embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously undermining and damaging the efforts and progress of both sides to stabilize Sino-US relations.
Based on the available evidence of the wreckage and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the US government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon was "directly related to the People's Liberation Army" and was an approved supplier of the Chinese military.
At a press conference on Friday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said that China had explained the situation and clarified its position on the accidental entry of a Chinese civilian drone into US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolution of the US Congress was purely political manipulation and hype.
China is strongly dissatisfied and firmly opposed to this.
Matthew Axelrod, Assistant Secretary for Export Enforcement at the US Department of Commerce, said: "Today's action demonstrates our joint efforts to identify and stop China's use of spy balloons that violate the airspace of the United States and more than 40 other countries.
”
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhai Xinhai Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said he was not aware of the sanctions and refused to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States has not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© Copyright 2023 Deutsche Welle. All content is protected by copyright law and may not be used without the express permission of Deutsche Welle.
Any wrongdoing will lead to compensation and criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) Several days have passed since the earthquake occurred in parts of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is becoming increasingly slim, but the rescue of a family of five on Saturday has made the rescue workers feel extremely relieved.
According to the Associated Press, in Nurdai town, a disaster-stricken area in Gaziantep province, this family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days.
Rescue workers first pulled the mother and daughter out of the rubble, and then found the father, but he insisted on asking to be rescued first for his son and another daughter.
When they were all rescued, cheers rang out from the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaras, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued in harsh winter weather conditions.
“What day is it today?”
”——The young man who was trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the rescuers who saved him after he was brought back to the ground.
A man from Kahramanmaraş holds his cat, who was just rescued
The miraculous success of the rescue operation brought a glimmer of hope to the already hopeless search and rescue efforts, but at the same time, the number of fatalities continued to rise.
According to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has caused more than 20,000 deaths in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be more than 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive for more than a week after being trapped in the ruins, the hope of finding more survivors has become increasingly bleak.
Rescue workers are still using thermal imaging devices to search for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of the rescue work began to shift to helping those survivors in urgent need of assistance.
UN officials: the disaster in the region is “unprecedented in a century”
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference in Turkey that the earthquake was the "worst disaster in the region in a century."
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "extraordinary".
He also told Reuters that he hoped the rescue could be provided to areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but also said that the matter was "not yet clear".
The United Nations has pledged to provide an additional $25 million in relief aid to the people affected by the earthquake in Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced the allocation of $25 million for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in the past 60 years
Great Chilean Earthquake (1960)
On May 22, 1960, at 3:11 p.m. local time, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a seismic magnitude of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was reduced to rubble.
After the earthquake, a huge tsunami hit the coast of Chile, causing waves as high as 25 meters.
The tsunami affected distant Japan and the Philippines.
The number of deaths and economic losses caused by such a disaster cannot be accurately known.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in the past 60 years
Great Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, which was also Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, USA, with a magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake was still the third largest earthquake in the world since records began.
When the earthquake occurred, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate ruptured near Prince William Sound, near College Fjord.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted from 3 to 5 minutes.
The seabed displacement caused a huge tsunami, with a height of 67 meters.
Because it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
This earthquake ultimately resulted in the deaths of 139 people.
9 people died directly from the earthquake, and the other 130 people died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in the past 60 years
Tangshan earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above occurred in Tangshan City and Fengnan County in Hebei Province, China, within 16 hours.
The epicenter was 23 kilometers below the ground.
The entire city of Tangshan was cut off from transportation, communication, water supply, and electricity, and was instantly reduced to rubble.
The capital city of Beijing, 140 kilometers away, also felt the strong tremors.
According to official statistics, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake is the second deadliest earthquake in China since records began, second only to the Jiajing earthquake in 1556.
However, some overseas scientists estimated that this earthquake may have caused the deaths of at least 650,000 people.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in the past 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers off the west coast of Aceh province in Indonesia's Sumatra Island, with a depth of 30 kilometers and a magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with waves as high as 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, including the worst-hit areas such as Aceh Province in Indonesia, Phuket and Phi Phi Island in Thailand, Sri Lanka and Tamil Nadu in India.
It was the peak tourist season for Christmas, and the disaster area was crowded with tourists and local residents. As a result, many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and local people working on the coast were swept away by the tsunami, making many people missing after the earthquake.
It is estimated that at least 300,000 people died and went missing.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in the past 60 years
Wenchuan earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in Wenchuan, Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the surface wave magnitude of this earthquake was 8.2 and the radial wave magnitude was 8.3, with an area of more than 100,000 square kilometers affected.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake caused a total of 69,227 deaths, 17,923 missing persons, 374,643 injured persons, 199,303 homeless persons, and a total of 46,256,000 affected persons.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and also the most deadly since the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12 of each year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Reduction Day to strengthen public education and attention to disaster prevention and reduction work.
After that, governments and primary and secondary schools in many places in China held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to pay attention to popularizing “earthquake disaster reduction” education.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in the past 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale occurred in Haiti, a Caribbean island country.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti, and the hypocenter was about 13 kilometers below the surface.
The International Red Cross estimated that the population affected by the earthquake was about 3 million.
The Haitian government has confirmed that more than 200,000 people have died.
In some areas of Haiti, as many as 90% of the houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
Although the international community has provided a lot of aid and support, this impoverished country, where overpopulation and corruption run rampant, has never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in the past 60 years
The Great East Japan Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large reverse fault earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the northeastern coast of Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture, with a seismic depth of 24 kilometers, and it triggered a huge tsunami with a maximum run-up of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first earthquake with a magnitude greater than 9 since Japan began keeping records.
About 22,000 people died in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered a leakage accident due to the earthquake and tsunami.
This accident was classified as the most serious level 7 on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to the detection of minute amounts of radioactive substances around the world, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (half-life of 30 years).
A large number of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in the disaster areas of Turkey and Syria are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes due to earthquakes.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has appealed for $77 million to provide food for the victims of the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the disaster area has dropped to below zero, and many victims are homeless.
The Turkish government has distributed large quantities of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to reach many people in dire need of help.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has made the people's suffering even worse.
Within four days after the earthquake, the World Food Programme had provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for treating injuries and emergency surgeries.
(AP, Reuters, etc.)
© Copyright 2023 Deutsche Welle. All content is protected by copyright law and may not be used without the express permission of Deutsche Welle.
Any wrongdoing will lead to compensation and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police announcement: The police station appeals to citizens to beware of fraudulent text messages from fake telecommunications companies
Recently, the police received several cases of telecommunications fraud. The criminals pretended to be a telecommunications company in Macau and sent fraudulent text messages to the victims with links to fake websites. They lured the victims to log in to the fake websites to redeem the rewards before the points expired.
The victim entered the credit card information and verification code as instructed, and immediately received a notification from the financial institution that there was an unknown transaction on the credit card, and suspected that the credit card information had been stolen from the website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the telecommunications company had not sent the above text message.
The police station appeals to the public to be vigilant if they receive similar text messages and not to log in to the websites linked in the messages or provide any personal information; if they are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords, or transaction verification codes, they should be even more cautious to prevent their credit cards from being stolen.
Fraud prevention tips:
1. Pay more attention to cybersecurity news and raise personal awareness of prevention;
2. Do not log in to unknown websites and register personal and credit card information on the website to prevent being stolen;
3. Beware of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website address is completely consistent with the official website;
4. Install antivirus software on your mobile phone, mobile device or computer, and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect that you have been the victim of fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the Anti-Fraud Enquiry Hotline of the Police Department at 8800 7777 or the Reporting Hotline at 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large Hong Kong delegation visits Macau tourist attractions to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand the “tourism package” between Hong Kong and Macau
The Tourism Bureau organized a large Hong Kong delegation of more than 100 people, consisting of representatives from the Hong Kong government's tourism department, the tourism industry, and the media, to Macau. In addition to work meetings and industry discussions, representatives from the Hong Kong travel industry and the media also visited several tourist attractions, hotels, and tourism-related facilities in Macau in groups over two days (10th and 11th), to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market, and to promote cultural and tourism cooperation between the two places, and to jointly expand the "line-to-line tourism" market between Hong Kong and Macau.
First-hand inspection introduces new tourism activities in Macau
This large-scale Hong Kong tour group includes leaders and managers from the Hong Kong government's tourism-related departments, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators in Hong Kong and Macau, and about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, representatives of tourism social media, online media, and bloggers/influencers, who came to Macau to exchange and explore the latest tourism resources in Macau. The Hong Kong industry and media will bring Macau's new tourism concepts to Hong Kong residents and visitors, and will expand the Hong Kong-Macau "line tour" market by taking advantage of Hong Kong's transportation hub.
Two days of intensive activities to seek business opportunities and increase publicity
The delegation visited the World Heritage Site of "Historic Centre of Macao" in groups over the past two days, experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel in Three Ba" - an immersive digital experience exhibition at the Three Lamps Square, the Macau Products Mall, the Old Town of Coloane, as well as several large resort hotels and facilities: Sands Macao, The Karl Lagerfeld, Galaxy Macau, MGM Macau, Morpheus, The Londoner Macao, Sands Cotai Central, Artelli Multidimensional Art Space at New Cotai, and teamLab Supernatural Space at the Venetian Macao.
The members of the delegation will share Macau's tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents by visiting Macau's tourism facilities and experiencing Macau's "tourism +" elements, and integrate Macau's latest tourism products to introduce and sell them to Hong Kong residents.
Attracting Hong Kong tourists and expanding the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau “tour package”
Taking advantage of the resumption of normal customs clearance, the Tourism Bureau launched a publicity campaign and introduced various discounts in the Hong Kong market, including discounts on transportation tickets between Hong Kong and Macau, and advertising on online and offline platforms with a new promotional video.
After inviting Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to Macau last month to exchange ideas and experience Macau's "tourism +" industry, this time, Macau organized a visit for Hong Kong tourism industry and media representatives to further promote the market and attract Hong Kong tourists to stay in Macau for consumption. The two industries also discussed cooperation to expand the Hong Kong-Macau "line tour" market, expand the market in mainland China and overseas, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both places.
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the Chinese medical team in Zambia, urging them to benefit the local people with kind hearts and kind deeds, and to tell the Chinese story with practical actions - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Online - Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the Chinese medical team in Africa to benefit the local people with kindness and medical skills, and to tell the Chinese story with practical actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Zhuofeng] Font size: [Big Middle Small]
Xinhua News Agency Beijing February 10th news: General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the State, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission Xi Jinping sent a letter to the members of the 19th Chinese medical team providing assistance to the Central African Republic on February 9th, expressing his greetings to them and his sincere expectations for all the medical team members providing assistance overseas.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you have overcome difficulties in your work and life in Africa, served the local people wholeheartedly, and are both white-coated angels who save lives and friendly messengers who spread friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of China's medical teams to foreign countries. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are currently and have previously carried out medical aid missions abroad.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and value life, and medical aid to foreign countries is a vivid reflection of this.
I hope that you will not forget your original aspirations and your mission, and will vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team of fearlessness in the face of hardship, dedication, saving lives and relieving suffering, and boundless love, to benefit the local people, tell the story of China through practical actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community of human health and well-being.
Medical aid is an important part of China's foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent its first medical team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, a total of 30,000 medical team members have been sent to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, treating 290 million patients, winning widespread praise from the international community.
Currently, the overseas medical team works in 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th Chinese Medical Team to Africa sent a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on their study and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, providing medical services to local people, and expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a community of human health.
The study and research class for new members of the Central Committee, alternate members, and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres on the study and implementation of Xi Jinping’s thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress has graduated - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Online - Huasheng Online
The study and research class for new members of the Central Committee, alternate members, and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres on the study and implementation of Xi Jinping’s thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress has graduated.
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Zufeng] Font size: [Big Middle Small]
Xinhua News Agency Beijing February 10th news: The study and research class for the newly elected members of the Central Committee, alternate members and provincial and ministerial level leading cadres on the study and implementation of Xi Jinping’s thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress graduated from the Central Party School (National Academy of Administration) in the afternoon of the 10th. Xi Jinping, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the graduation ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that we should study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, be more determined to support the "two establishments" and resolutely uphold the "two safeguards", enhance our abilities, work hard and make solid progress in the work of Chinese-style modernization, and create achievements that can withstand the test of history, practice and the people in the comprehensive construction of a socialist modern country and the comprehensive promotion of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all the participants studied the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, and engaged in in-depth discussions and exchanges based on the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era. They deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, strengthened their confidence and determination to promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Xi Jinping as the core, and enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission to fulfill their duties and do a good job to ensure a good start for the new journey in the new era.
At the graduation ceremony, 10 representatives of the class made speeches to report and exchange their learning achievements.
Cai Qi said that studying and implementing Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress is both the primary political task at present and in the future, and a long-term strategic task. We should promote the study and implementation of the work by going deeper, going further, and going to the heart of the matter, in line with the requirements of "comprehensive study, comprehensive understanding, and comprehensive implementation".
To more deeply understand the decisive significance of the “two establishments”, we must resolutely uphold the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, uphold the authority and centralized unified leadership of the Party, continuously improve our political judgment, political insight, and political execution, and always maintain a high degree of consistency in thought, politics, and action with the Party Central Committee with Xi Jinping as the core.
We must strive to master the core competency of Marxist theory, consciously use the Party's innovative theories to guide our practice, promote our work, and make efforts in deep learning, careful thinking, and sincere practice, so as to truly learn to have firm beliefs, absolute loyalty, and a sense of mission.
We must implement the decisions and plans of the 20th CPC National Congress with a spirit of hard work, solidly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves and work hard, take the lead as “construction team leaders”, and turn the blueprint into reality step by step.
We must remember that comprehensive strict governance of the party is an ongoing process, and the self-revolution of the party is an ongoing process. We must press forward with the political responsibility of comprehensive strict governance of the party, and take party political construction as the mainstay to deepen the new great project of party construction in the new era.
We must enhance our ability to promote high-quality development, serve the people, and prevent and resolve risks, and we must vigorously promote the spirit of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Tai-feng, Li Gan-jie, Li Shu-le, Chen Wen-qing, Liu Jin-guo, and Wang Xiao-hong attended the graduation ceremony, which was hosted by Chen Xi.
Google AI chatbot “gives wrong answers”; parent company’s stock value evaporates by billions of dollars
(Comprehensive report on the 11th)
Google's newly launched artificial intelligence chatbot Bard suffered a setback, "answering questions incorrectly" in a promotional video, causing the share price of Google's parent company Alphabet to plunge 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below $100, with a market value of $110 billion (about RM476.5 billion) evaporating, closing at $94.57 on Friday.
The market is concerned that Alphabet is not as good as its competitor Microsoft.
According to Reuters, Google released a promotional video of its AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier, in which someone asked Bard, "Can you tell me what new discoveries the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) has made that a 9-year-old could understand?"
Bard mentioned in his answer that the telescope had taken the first photo of an exoplanet.
However, according to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States, the first photo of an extrasolar planet was taken by the Very Large Telescope of the European Southern Observatory in 2004.
Reuters even reported the news with the headline “Alphabet shares plummet after Bard’s wrong answer”.
On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response "highlights the importance of rigorous testing processes", and will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets high standards in terms of quality, safety and truthful information".
Singapore's tourism industry has rebounded strongly, with the number of inbound tourists increasing 19 times compared to 2021
(Combined news from November 11) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that the number of international visitors to Singapore is expected to reach 12 million to 14 million in 2023, which will bring in tourism revenue of about SGD 18 billion to SGD 21 billion; the number of visitors and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of the pre-COVID-19 level in 2019; the tourism industry is likely to fully recover in 2024.
The Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover in 2022.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, the number of inbound tourists in 2022 increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021, reaching 6.3 million, exceeding the Tourism Board's earlier estimate of 4 million to 6 million, and tourist numbers have already recovered to 33% of pre-pandemic levels.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled S$8.96 billion. It is expected that the tourism revenue for the whole year of 2022 will reach S$13.8 billion to S$14.3 billion, a six- to seven-fold increase from S$1.89 billion in 2021, and has recovered to about 50% to 52% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019.
The Singaporean government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced the allocation of nearly NZ$500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Bureau recently announced that it plans to allocate NZ$110 million from this budget in the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists to return.
In order to make health and wellness one of the highlights of Singapore's tourism, the Singapore Tourism Board issued a call for proposals on November 23, 2022, to develop a health and wellness site on the southern coast of Singapore.
Li Ling, executive director of sports and wellness tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have put their health first among all considerations.
The development of a health and wellness destination in the southern coastal area, which has a coastal bay garden and coastal embankment, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism industry and economy, allowing tourists to spend more time in Singapore and consume more.
Chen Jielong, director of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in the next few years, health and wellness will become an important component of Singapore's tourism products.
The COVID-19 pandemic has raised public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
For this reason, over the past two years, the Tourism Bureau has been promoting health and wellness projects to the local public and international tourists.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health and Wellness Festival, providing the public with more than 130 health-related activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide new travel experiences for tourists.
In addition to the newly opened Children's Museum in Singapore, the Avatar World in Bayfront Garden, the Central Beach Market at Sentosa, the new "Explore New Fields" exhibition hall at the Art Science Museum, and the newly built open-air theater at the Night Safari, the Tourism Board will support the development and upgrading of projects such as the Bird Park at the Wildlife Reserves Singapore, making Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will formulate relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive tourism industry by 2023, and focus on improving the problems of waste disposal and carbon emissions, further optimizing the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
Data shows that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with up to 150,000 passengers per day and about 1 million per week, which is equivalent to about 75% of the pre-pandemic level. The number of airline employees on duty has also recovered to about 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
Data shows that from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million tourists, which is equivalent to 42% of the number before the COVID-19 pandemic, and 170,000 flights have taken off and landed, which is 53% of the number before the pandemic.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also driven the recovery of the accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping industries.
The Singapore government and the tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Ms. Shu-dan Ke, Assistant Director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that a survey by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore's safety index ranked among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular with Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, about 3.6 million Chinese people traveled to Singapore for vacation every year.
With China relaxing its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to between one-third and one-half of the 2019 level this year.
Ko Shu-tan pointed out that in the future, the Tourism Bureau will closely monitor the signals of China's further relaxation of outbound travel policies to cope with changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in outbound tourism from China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the global economy will recover faster than expected as long as there is no significant recession affecting public income and no new large-scale deadly pandemic outbreaks occur.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter interacted closely, while his wife was ignored on the side
(Comprehensive report on the 11th) North Korea held a military parade on the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army on the evening of the 8th, and Kim Jong-un's daughter, Kim Ju-ae, not only attended the parade, but also stood on the podium with her father.
On the 9th, the North Korean state media released a video showing Kim Jong-un hugging his father, looking at him affectionately several times and whispering to him. She gently caressed her father's cheeks with her hands, and even touched his chest. The father-daughter interaction was broadcast throughout the country.
However, First Lady Li Xuezhong could only stand aside.
According to reports from South Korean media such as “Korean News,” on the 7th, Kim Jong-un and his wife Ri Sol-ju attended a banquet with their daughter Kim Ju-ae. In the official photo of the banquet, Kim Ju-ae not only sat in the middle position between her parents, but also stood on the podium with Kim Jong-un during the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army parade the next day.
The North Korean state media, the Korean Central Television, later released footage of the parade, revealing more scenes of father-daughter affection.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times from the podium, and the smile on their faces never faded. They also whispered to each other, and Kim Jong-un held his father's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un responded with a bright smile.
Other official media footage also showed that Kim Yo-jong kept touching her father's face with her hand when she was sitting on an indoor sofa with Kim Jong-un; she touched Kim Jong-un's chest with her hand while holding hands with her father.
However, the First Lady, Li Xuezhu, could only walk behind or sit on the side throughout the event, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
The Korean media pointed out that since the main sponsor appeared in public for the first time since the launch of the Mars-17 missile on November 18 last year, the exposure rate has been increasing for three months, and this is the fifth time it has appeared in an official setting.
The North Korean state media referred to Kim Jong-un as the most beloved son, the most precious son, etc. They also broadcasted footage of Kim Jong-un repeatedly shouting his unwavering support for the white bloodline while overlooking the military parade.
These signs have led the outside world to question whether Kim Jong-un's daughter has been predetermined as the successor to the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that "this is a signal that Kim Jong-un has promoted his daughter, who is in high school, to the position of successor," but some people believe that such a judgment is too early, and that there are still various possibilities in the case where Kim Jong-un has a son.
Questions and Answers on the Mid-Autumn Festival | How to view the US non-farm employment data in January, which was far beyond expectations, and the future trend - Economic Observer - a professional financial news website
Q: How does Rong Yiren Investment view the US non-farm employment data in January, which was far beyond expectations, and the future trend?
A: On February 3, the US Department of Labor released the non-farm employment data for January 2023. The number of new non-farm jobs added was 517,000, significantly higher than the market expectation of 189,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest level in nearly 50 years; the hourly wage increased by 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, slightly slowing down.
From a quantitative perspective, there are many one-time and technical factors that have distorted the data, such as teachers returning to work after a strike, the revision of the survey and statistical scope, and the update of seasonal factors. Subsequently, there may be some adjustments (refer to the revision of the non-farm payroll from 50.4 thousand to 36.4 thousand in January 2022), and non-farm employment may not be as strong as the data suggests.
In terms of structure, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still there, but the proportion is low; high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and healthcare have seen a significant rebound in new employment, and data shows that there is still a labor gap in the service industry.
Combined with the PMI of the service industry, which exceeded expectations, the recovery of job vacancies and labor shortages, and the strong data on consumer credit, we judge that the US service industry has experienced rapid recovery after extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the tight supply and demand in the US labor market cannot be improved without a recession.
Currently, there is a supply gap of more than 5 million in the US labor market, and the labor participation rate is rising slowly, especially the labor participation rate of 25-54 year-olds has approached the pre-pandemic high point.
In addition, due to the strong savings and consumer credit of US residents, strong consumer demand will further delay the impact of austerity policies on the employment market.
The continued tightness of supply and demand in the US employment market will be the backdrop of the US economy in 2023.
Coupled with the fact that the current interest rate hike is coming to an end and inflation expectations are constantly fluctuating, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Before the data was released, the US stock, bond and foreign exchange markets were overly optimistic about the Fed's interest rate hike path.
As inflation data continues to improve, the Fed is shortening the pace of interest rate hikes while also maintaining a balance that is vulnerable to market inflation expectations. However, the market ignores the Fed's hawkish statements and not only expects interest rates to be raised earlier, but also expects two rate cuts by the end of the year.
In the context of tight labor market supply and demand and the uncertain impact of tightening policies, we believe that the Fed's guidance on interest rate hikes at the end of the year is relatively reasonable. The adjustment of extreme market expectations and the crowding of transactions may cause some damage to the market.
Despite this, the stubborn increase in wages is difficult to reverse the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. Since October, the US CPI data has turned to a rapid decline phase, and with the M2 data turning negative year-on-year and the gradual improvement in various CPI sub-indicators, the stubborn increase in wages will only provide support for future inflation data. The current market expectations are difficult to prove, and the market may enter a new round of bargaining after the next round of inflation data is released.
The founder of Xin Xin, Zheng Yonggang, passed away due to a sudden heart attack. He once led China's first clothing company to transform - Economic Observation Network - a professional financial news website
Economic Observer reporter Zheng Weixin On February 11, the WeChat public account certified by Sun Sun Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Sun Sun Holdings”) published an obituary, stating that Sun Sun Enterprise founder and Sun Sun Holdings Board Chairman Zheng Yonggang died on February 10, 2023 due to sudden heart disease, at the age of 65.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yongang served as the factory director of the state-owned cotton spinning factory. With his promotion, in 1989, Zheng Yongang became the factory director of Ningbo Yun Haven Garment Factory, the predecessor of Sun Sun Holdings.
In December 2022, at the 20th China Enterprise Leaders Annual Conference and the 22nd China Enterprise Future Stars Annual Conference, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the 1990s, the market share of the Sun Sun brand in the Chinese suit market was as high as 37%.
In 1996, Sunshine Group (600884.SH) was listed, becoming the first listed company in China's clothing industry.
Just when the clothing business was booming, Sun Sun Group began to transform because Zheng Yonggang realized that “once the market is opened up, Chinese brands will naturally form a tiered brand market, and it is unlikely that Sun Sun suits will always be the leader and become the national suit of the Chinese people for a long time”.
In 1999, Sun Sun began to study enterprise transformation. Zeng Yonggang recalled that year, “We came to Shanghai to seek what to transform into, and we specifically sought out many experts and scholars, and held a series of Zhuge Liang meetings and Wu Xu research seminars.
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is big health with a future.”
After determining the strategic direction, Sun Sun began to look for cooperation. At that time, the Anthracite Research Institute of Anshan, which was a subsidiary of Anshan Iron and Steel Group, was doing a national 863 project, but the research funds were insufficient. Therefore, Sun Sun and the Anthracite Research Institute of Anshan Thermal Power Institute signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the "intermediate phase anthracite microspheres" project of the national 863 project, to engage in the research and development, production and sales of negative electrode materials, and to promote the commercial use of negative electrode materials in China.
In 2001, Sun Sun achieved the scale production of intermediate carbon microspheres and began to replace imported products, becoming the main supplier of intermediate carbon microspheres in China, replacing Japan.
This is China's first lithium-ion battery negative electrode material production enterprise, which has achieved the localization of lithium-ion battery negative electrode materials.
As the application of lithium batteries rapidly spread, Sunsea's lithium battery business began to develop gradually. In 2007, the lithium material business was written into Sunsea's main business, and the revenue from the clothing business gradually decreased until 2013, when the revenue from Sunsea's lithium material business surpassed that from the clothing business.
In February 2021, Sunson Holdings successfully acquired the polarizing film business of LG Chem, entered the LCD polarizing film market, and established the polarizing film company Sunjin Optoelectronics. The technology content in this field is relatively high, and Sunson's main competitors are all among the world's top 500 companies, such as Samsung of South Korea, Sumitomo Chemical of Japan, and Denso Corporation.
Zheng Yonggang once shared his experience in post-investment management, “Chinese private enterprises acquire some high-tech enterprises abroad, but the success rate is relatively low. Why do these acquisitions fail?
Because everyone would consider it, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to manage it, this is a common behavior,” however, Zheng Yonggang is different, on the day when Sun Sun was successfully acquired, Zheng Yonggang announced publicly at Sun Jinjian that Sun Sun, as the major shareholder of Sun Jin, decided to implement one enterprise, two systems, except for Zheng Yonggang as the chairman, no one from Sun Sun Enterprise would be sent to Sun Jin, and the management would be authorized, the original distribution system, corporate culture, and management models would remain unchanged.
ICC Xinhe Information released the 2022 negative electrode data, showing that the shipment of Shan Shan negative electrode exceeded 200,000 tons in 2022, with a year-on-year increase of 100%, and its market share reached 16%. The shipment of artificial graphite negative electrode material ranked first.
In the polarizing film business, Yano Research statistics show that the company's subsidiary, Sugang Optoelectronics, had a global market share of 29% in 2022, and is expected to reach a market share of 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Sunsea's revenue was 15.841 billion yuan, and its net profit was 2.313 billion yuan. On February 10, Sunsea's share price was 19.24 yuan/share, with a total market value of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Star Solar stated on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's graphitization effective capacity will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitization capacity of the Meishan project is still under construction.
Wandex shows that Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Sun Sun Holdings.
Tianyancha shows that Zheng Yonggang holds a total equity proportion of 40.1% in Sun Sun Holdings Limited.
The CEO of Sun Sun Group is Li Zhihua, born in 1968, who has served as the chairman of Dongguan Sun Sun Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Sun Sun New Materials Science and Technology Co., Ltd., and Hunan Sun Sun Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and as the vice president of Ningbo Sun Sun Co., Ltd.
On February 10, Suning.com stated on the investor interaction platform that there is no familial relationship between the company's senior management and the company's actual controller.
“Fund E account” is here: the China Securities Regulatory Commission authorizes the development of a platform to collect and query all funds held by investors - Economic Observer - a professional financial news website
Economic Observer reporter Chen Shan, the complexity of the channels for purchasing funds makes it difficult to collect account information?
Always forgetting the “little treasury”?
These problems of the Christian Democrats are about to be solved.
On February 10, the China Securities Regulatory Commission announced that the “Fund E Account” APP was listed on various mobile app stores and began public testing.
It is reported that the “Fund E Account” provides individual investors with a “one-stop” inquiry service for public fund accounts and share information, aiming to solve the industry service pain points of forgetting accounts and complicated inquiries for small and medium investors.
According to Wind data, as of the end of 2022, there were a total of 156 public fund management companies in China, managing funds worth approximately 26 trillion yuan; there were 167 public fund share registration institutions and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The account systems of various share registration institutions are independent of each other, and there is a lack of industry-wide unified channels for inquiry.
Industry insiders said that by the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in China, which means that half of the country's population invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to check their purchase status through different sales institutions, but through the "Fund E-Account", they can check the purchase status of all sales channels, and their fund holdings are clear at a glance.
What is the “Fund E Account” APP?
According to the relevant documents, the “Fund E Account” APP is a public fund industry portal mobile application developed and built by China Clearing with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with one-stop query of the off-market shareholding of public fund products.
Investors can conveniently and quickly grasp their holdings of public fund products of various fund managers through all sales channels in the market through the “Fund E-Account”, which will comprehensively improve the efficiency of inquiries.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through the "Fund E-Account" includes information on fund accounts opened with all public fund managers in the market, trading accounts opened with public fund sales institutions, and information on the out-of-market shareholding of products including publicly offered securities investment funds and collective asset management plans established and managed by securities companies, with no limit on the number of investors.
Liu Yiqian, the person in charge of business at the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told reporters from Economic Observer that investors can use the "Fund E Account" App to get a one-stop view of all their holdings of publicly offered funds outside the exchange, helping them to find their "forgotten assets", and more importantly, it helps customers to collect comprehensive information on their fund investments, helping them to get a more timely, accurate and complete understanding of their investments, so as to better optimize their fund portfolios and better plan their financial arrangements.
How to register and use it?
The reporter noted that at present, the “Fund E Account” APP has been listed in the app stores of Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and vivo, but the APP is still in the public trial operation phase, and registration requires filling in an invitation code, which investors can obtain by contacting the fund manager of the fund they hold.
A customer service representative from a large public fund in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to the reporter from Economic Observer and told the reporter, “During the trial operation phase of the APP, China Clearing provides a certain number of invitation codes to each fund manager, which investors can obtain by calling us. We will provide them to all investors.
After the trial operation is completed, users will no longer need an invitation code to register.
”
The reporter registered the account and completed the query according to the relevant documents for downloading and using the "fund E account" on the official website of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. The whole process took only a few minutes and mainly consisted of four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, and public fund query.
After the real-name authentication step, click the “Asset” button to bind funds. All the fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms will appear in the binding options list (accounts that can be bound). After binding, you can directly see the total assets of the funds you have invested in and start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the “Fund E account” only provides investors with query services and cannot be used for redemption and trading.
The data date displayed in the “Fund E account” is generally three trading days before the date on which the user conducts the query (T day).
For example, if you open the “Fund E Account” on February 10, the total assets, fund shares, and fund net value displayed on the asset page correspond to the date three trading days before that date, i.e., February 7.
Copyright statement: The above content is an original work of Economic Observer, and the copyright belongs to Economic Observer.
Without authorization from the Economic Observer, it is strictly prohibited to reprint or mirror, otherwise the legal responsibility of the relevant subject will be pursued according to law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
United against the CCP, the United States, Japan and the Philippines reached a consensus on defense
Asia - On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan and met with Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's invasion of the South China Sea and the East China Sea. The Philippine and Japanese leaders issued a joint statement after the meeting, saying that they would conduct substantive defense exchanges by signing a trilateral defense agreement with the United States to oppose the CCP's hegemonic policy.
According to Japanese media, Kishida hopes to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to deal with the crisis in the Taiwan Strait.
Small Marcos visited China in early January this year and obtained an agreement worth $20 billion.
However, after that, the Sino-Philippine relations not only did not improve, but instead deteriorated.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to the US military to safeguard security in the South China Sea.
The newly added base is 300 kilometers away from Taiwan, which is the closest location to China.
If Taiwan is in crisis, the US military may launch operations from bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States, building a “counter-CCP arc” in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
KMT Vice Chairman Xia Lilin conveyed the message of Song Taotai to China: welcome the Green Camp to visit Taiwan under the 1992 Consensus
Taiwan's Kuomintang Vice Chairman Xia Lilin met with the Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, Song Tao, and the Standing Committee member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, Wang Huning, during his visit to China.
Zhao Chunshan, senior advisor of the Kuomintang's official institution, the National Policy Foundation, gave a positive evaluation of what Song Taoran said about Xia Lilin in an interview with Taiwan Central News Agency last night. As long as one accepts the "Nine Two Consensus" and is against Taiwan independence, China welcomes the visit of Green Party members to the mainland.
The Nationalist Party assessed it as a fresh thing.
The news report of the meeting between Xia Lilin and Song Defu earlier in the day did not mention this statement.
The ruling Democratic Progressive Party of Taiwan has been clarifying for days that it refuses to accept the “1992 consensus”.
According to the Central News Agency today, the Kuomintang Vice Chairman Xia Lilin led a delegation to visit the mainland and met with Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, and Song Tao, the new director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, during his stay in Beijing, and also met with Yin Li, the secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee.
Xia Lilin and Song Taojia met and discussed the political foundation of the CPC and the Kuomintang, which is the “1992 Consensus” and anti-Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, senior advisor of the Nationalist Party’s National Policy Foundation, said at the meeting that the “1992 Consensus” of the Nationalist Party is the original “1992 Consensus”.
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this was different from the feeling of the previous meetings in which he participated.
In recent video discussions with scholars in mainland China, and in this discussion, I have not heard any mention of Taiwan scholars talking about military unification and the “anti-secession law”, but instead there is a focus on restoring communication and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the situation between the two sides was tense and dangerous, and the mainland hoped to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the Kuomintang and the Communist Party, the other party is still willing to do a good job for the people of Taiwan, and the representative does not want cross-strait relations to deteriorate.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally instructed Song Taotao to “implement the demands raised by them (Taiwanese farmers and fishermen)”, and if they cannot be solved comprehensively, they should be handled on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the KMT members mentioned the daily harassment of Taiwan by Chinese military aircraft and ships, the agricultural and fishery problems in some counties and cities in Taiwan, and whether the Central News Agency reporters asked questions about these issues during the interview.
French trade unions again mobilize against the government's pension reform plan
On Saturday (February 11), French unions launched a nationwide mobilization against the government's pension reform bill, calling on the public to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of social unrest against the government's draft pension reform.
The number of people who respond to the call for a rally may affect the trade union group's next plan of action.
This is the fourth time in a month that the eight major trade union groups in France have jointly launched a national mobilization, and it is the first time that the protest activities have been scheduled for Saturday.
Given that Saturday is a day off for most French people, they do not need to choose between participating in protests or going on a wage strike, and trade union groups therefore hope that today's rally will attract more people to participate.
The unions of the subway system, the metro system, and the public railway company did not call for a strike today, and the subway system should be able to operate normally, allowing citizens to take the subway to the rally site. At the same time, people in areas where schools have started winter vacation can start their holidays normally.
The trade union groups hope that more than one million people will participate in the rally today, while the police expect the national participation to be between 600,000 and 800,000, and 90,000 to 120,000 people may gather in the Paris area.
Since the beginning of the protests against the government's pension reform program, although polls show that most French people do not support the measure to raise the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people actually taking to the streets to participate in the protests has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 gathered 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of protesters on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
This pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition party, especially the radical left-wing opposition party, submitted countless amendments, which slowed down the deliberation process.
The debate between the two parties is also becoming more intense.
A member of the French National Assembly from the radical left-wing party France Insoumise recently posted a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the image of the Minister of Labor on social media, which triggered protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly finally announced that the member of parliament would be banned from attending parliamentary activities for 15 days as punishment for this behavior.
Although this reform plan has triggered the largest social movement in France in more than 20 years, so far, the government has made only minor adjustments to the draft, without making any major concessions.
The unions are preparing to launch another action on Thursday, the 16th, and on March 7, when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion, the unions also plan to organize protests.
China encourages raising birth rate, and urges universities to donate sperm with high quality standards
On the 9th, the Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province in China issued a publicity announcement, seeking donors with a college degree or above, or students in college, who can donate sperm 8 to 12 times and receive a subsidy of 4,500 yuan.
According to Taiwanese media reports today, the message was trending on Weibo on the same day and triggered follow-up initiatives in many provinces and cities, including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
According to a report in the Liberty Times, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
The threshold for sperm donation in universities across the country is the highest in Beijing. In addition to academic qualifications, applicants must be at least 170 cm tall, have a good appearance, no obvious hair loss, and myopia degree not higher than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Yunnan Provincial Human Sperm Bank stated that sperm donors can receive a full set of male reproductive health examinations worth 1,000 yuan, "especially the sperm and chromosome tests, most people have never done them before, which is of great significance for understanding their own reproductive status."
The conditions for sperm donors include being over 165 cm tall, having a college degree or higher, or being a student, and not having color blindness, genetic diseases such as hepatitis B, or infectious diseases.
The report quoted a message from China Tengxun News saying that Shaanxi Province's human sperm bank had printed promotional posters with the slogan "paid sperm donation, infinite honor", calling on young people to respond to sperm donation and encouraging netizens to forward related information, "let love spread".
The price in Shaanxi is higher than that in Yunnan. Qualified donors can receive RMB 300 cash each time, and donors who complete a certain number of donations can receive a subsidy of RMB 5,000.
Currently, the highest price is in Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
The last communist prime minister of East Germany has died
The successor of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that “last night, Hans Modrow left us, at the age of 95.
As a result, our party has lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the Berlin Wall was opened, separating East Berlin and West Berlin for 28 years, Modrow said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.
At that time, because of the protesters' demands for democracy and freedom in East Germany, the Communist Party leaders were forced to step down.
Mikhail Gorbachev, after coming to power in the Soviet Union, called for change in the Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results led to him no longer serving as prime minister.
Despite Modrow's reforms, opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and reunification that took place in October 1990.
He was also criticized for trying to reshape rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modrow was convicted of electoral fraud in the municipal elections in May 1989, but he did not go to prison.
Some have claimed that these charges are politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament, and from 1999 to 2004 he served as a member of the European Parliament.
Modrow saw himself as a reformer and wanted to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany back, but said that East Germany's achievements should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica in Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader in the youth fire brigade and, towards the end of the conflict, became a member of the Nazi militia organization Volkssturm, which conscripted men between the ages of 16 and 60 to fight in the final struggle.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by the Soviet army and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he attended anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he returned to the country and found a job as a mechanical engineer, while continuing to study social sciences and economics, and earning a doctorate.
Modrow was a member of the Free German Youth, which almost all young East Germans joined, and rose through the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) to become the party's chairman in Dresden between 1973 and 1989.
He also served in the East German parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state office.
Iran commemorates revolution anniversary, hackers supporting protests interrupt president's TV speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official meeting on Saturday to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ebrahim Raisi's television address.
The president's live television address was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute, and the screen showed the logo of a group of anti-Iranian government hackers, whose name is "Edalat Ali (Ali's Justice)".
There was also a voice shouting “Death to the Islamic Republic”.
According to a report by Reuters today, Iran commemorated the anniversary of the revolution, and hackers interrupted the national television broadcast.
Iranian officials marked the 44th anniversary of the Islamic Revolution, as hard-line government in Rasht faced the boldest challenge yet from young protesters demanding their ouster, but Rasht still called on "deceived youth" to repent so they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
Protests continue across Iran following the death in September of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini in the custody of the country's morality police.
The Iranian security forces have carried out deadly crackdowns on protests, one of the biggest challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since the 1979 revolution overthrew a 2,500-year-old monarchy.
As part of the anniversary amnesty to commemorate the revolution, Iranian authorities released jailed dissidents Fahad Messaudi and Fariba Adelkhah, an Iranian-French scholar, on Friday.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued a pardon that included some prisoners arrested in recent anti-government protests.
According to the human rights organization HRANA, as of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors.
The report also said that 70 government security personnel were killed.
It is believed that up to 19,763 protesters were arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and state media have called for a show of support for the government and opposition to the protests at Saturday's rally.
On Friday night, the anniversary of the Iranian revolution, official media showed fireworks as part of government-sponsored celebrations, with people shouting "Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!)”).
However, many people could be heard shouting “Death to the dictator!” at the rally.
” and “Death to the Islamic Republic” in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, the government television broadcast live footage of official gatherings in all states of the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, domestically produced ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed.
President Lacy's speech was often interrupted by the chant "Fuck the USA" - a signature chant at state rallies.
The crowd also shouted "Death to Israel".
Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months, Reuters said.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on charges of national security.
They later put her under house arrest, but she returned to prison in January.
Adelkhah denied the accusations.
A week before his release, Mousavi's supporters warned that he was at risk of death due to his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of headscarves.
The French Foreign Ministry responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday, calling for her freedom to be restored, "including if she wishes, allowing her to return to France.
”
Does the balloon incident make the United States look better?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a report by the Wall Street Journal today, after the balloon incident, the United States is preparing to further tighten its export of technology to China.
Current and former security officials said that the above balloon incident highlights the national security threat posed by China and will seek more political support to strengthen the protection of US technology.
The United States said that the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence collection and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior official of the US Central Intelligence Agency and currently employed by the Washington think tank, the New American Security Center.
“This undoubtedly adds fuel to the fire and supports the view of the hardliners on China.”
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday that "we will also consider broader actions to expose and address China's broader surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security as well as that of our allies and partners.
"US officials said they had informed the governments of more than 30 countries about the balloon incident, and international coordination is crucial to counter China's threats.
Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Select Committee on Strategic Competition Between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party in the US House of Representatives may also put pressure on the United States to take more stringent measures to slow down China's development.
She said that members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which may in turn force the White House to adopt a tougher policy.
The Wall Street Journal said that many people who advocate stricter export controls are also pushing for the expansion of the scope of controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The US government has also been developing a foreign investment review plan to examine whether US investments overseas pose potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls to move faster on the plan.
Earthquake relief in Syria and Turkey continues day and night
Since the strong earthquake occurred between Turkey and Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working day and night in the ruins of thousands of collapsed buildings to rescue survivors buried under the rubble.
In the frigid temperatures, they often pleaded for quiet, straining to hear any sign of life amid the rubble of the collapsed concrete.
According to a report by Reuters today, two more women were rescued from the rubble of the earthquake after surviving for several days.
However, the death toll from the earthquake rose to 24,150.
Turkey has 20,665 deaths, and Syria has more than 3,500 deaths.
The 7.8-magnitude earthquake that occurred on Monday continued to cause several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, making it the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing the earthquake and tsunami in Japan in 2011, and approaching the 31,000 deaths caused by the earthquake in neighboring Iran in 2003.
A similar strong earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Turkish authorities said on Saturday that two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years, and rescue workers in Turkey pulled the two women from the rubble of a collapsed building.
Another injured man, identified as Masallah Cicek, 55, was pulled from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In the frigid temperatures, rescuers often pleaded for silence, straining to hear any sign of life amid the rubble of collapsed concrete.
In Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers crouched beneath concrete slabs, whispering "Inshallah" - "God willing" - as they carefully reached into the rubble to pull out a 10-day-old newborn.
He opened his eyes wide, and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video footage shows that the paramedics also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale on the stretcher, but conscious.
Fuat Oktay, the Vice President of Turkey, told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, and a total of 31,000 rescue personnel had been deployed in the disaster-stricken areas.
He said that about 80,000 people were being treated in hospitals, and 1.05 million people were homeless because of the earthquake, and they were crowded into temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, the public is increasingly questioning the response of the two countries' leaders to the disaster relief.
According to Syrian official media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma visited a hospital in Aleppo. It was reported that this was the first time he had visited the disaster area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said that due to the war situation, which made relief work complicated, its stocks in the northwest of Syria controlled by the rebels were about to run out.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adiyaman province, where he admitted that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents have seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is running for re-election in a vote on May 14 but may be delayed by the disaster.
Reuters said that the anger over the delay in providing aid and launching rescue efforts could affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge to Erdogan's two decades in power.
Erdoğan called for unity and condemned what he called "negative campaigns for political gain."
The leader of Turkey's main opposition party, Kemal Kılıdaroğlu, criticized the government's response.
Critics said, “The earthquake was big, but what is even more serious than the earthquake is the lack of coordination, planning and incompetence.
”
VNA Hanoi - A special correspondent of VNA reported that during his visit to Brunei Darussalam, on the morning of February 11, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, also known as "Brunei University").
Universiti Brunei Darussalam is the largest center for higher education and scientific research in Brunei, and ranks third in the regional university rankings.
Universiti Brunei Darussalam is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
In July 2013, Brunei University officially established a cooperative relationship with FPT University in Vietnam, with English training being the main area of cooperation.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese and Korean, Brunei University also includes Vietnamese in its teaching curriculum.
During his visit to the University of Brunei, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife interacted with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh is pleased that more and more foreigners are interested in learning Vietnamese, and is thus making positive contributions to promoting Vietnamese culture and customs to the world.
The Prime Minister of Brunei, Pehin Dato Hj Abdullah, expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching team of Brunei University will become stronger; the students of the Vietnamese language class will become more interested in Vietnamese, study hard, and be able to use fluent Vietnamese soon, and become ambassadors of the friendly cooperative relations between the two countries.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also communicated with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Long Khanh City via video, to learn about their learning situation, especially during the pandemic.
The Prime Minister of Vietnam, Pham Minh Chinh, believes that the cooperative relationship between Vietnam’s FPT University and Brunei University, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the educational cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei.
At the same time, it is hoped that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly cooperative relations between the two countries.
During discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh highly praised the achievements of the two countries in educational cooperation, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, and the initiative of the University of Brunei to include Vietnamese in its curriculum.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng hopes that Brunei University will continue to pay attention to ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the scale of Vietnamese language classes.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc also highly praised the positive results of cooperation between the two countries based on the memorandum of understanding on education cooperation signed in April 2014; he suggested that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training projects, such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh highly appreciated the establishment of the first branch campus of Brunei University in Vietnam; he believed that the university would become increasingly influential in the region and the world; and he hoped to further expand cooperation with Vietnamese universities.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife planted a commemorative tree on the campus of Brunei University and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng wished that the University of Brunei would continue to develop and make greater contributions to the education of Brunei, and also hoped that it would develop deeper and broader cooperation with educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(Complete)
Vietnam News Agency
VNA Hanoi - VNA special correspondent reported that the official visit of Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his wife to Singapore and Brunei was a complete success and achieved comprehensive, practical and specific results.
Within three days of visiting Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements made have injected new impetus into promoting the strategic partnership between Vietnam and China and the comprehensive partnership between the two countries in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh continued to reiterate Vietnam's foreign policy, namely independence, pluralism, diversity, and willingness to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of both countries, and is committed to promoting the well-being of the people of both countries, and to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At various meetings and talks, Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh agreed with the leaders of Singapore and Brunei to continuously strengthen political mutual trust with Vietnam through high-level visits, effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
The two highlights are the Memorandum of Understanding on the Green and Digital Economy Partnership signed with Singapore and the Action Plan to Strengthen Comprehensive Partnership with Brunei in the 2023-2027 Phase.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Image from VNA
During his meetings with business leaders, seminars or attendance at economic forums, Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates favorable conditions for Singaporean and Bruneian enterprises to expand their investment in Vietnam in areas such as digital transformation, green energy, high technology, and innovation.
This visit not only helps deepen the cooperation between Vietnam and Singapore and Brunei in traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also creates a cooperation framework for the countries in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
The King of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah, and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter the bilateral discussion meeting.
Image from VNA
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the Vietnamese community living there.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh suggested that the authorities of the two countries should pay more attention to the Vietnamese community in the local area, create favorable conditions for them to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local society and cultivate the relationship between the two countries.
The proposal was agreed to and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Fan also shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain unity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance ASEAN's central role in the complex and changing regional and international situation.
Based on the important results achieved, Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh's official visit to Singapore and Brunei will effectively implement the 13th CPC National Congress's priority of strengthening relations with ASEAN neighbors, effectively implement the 12th conclusion of the Political Bureau of the CPC on overseas Vietnamese work in the new situation (12-KL/TW), and make positive contributions to the strength of national unity.
(Complete)
What was the “object” shot down over Alaska?
Confused and speculation abounds.
The US military used the most advanced stealth fighter jet F-22 to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska, USA, on Friday afternoon (February 10).
The place where it was shot down was ten miles away from the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time that the US military has shot down an airborne object in less than a week.
Last Saturday, a spy balloon from China drifted in US airspace for several days before being shot down off the coast of South Carolina.
The Pentagon said that the second object that was shot down first entered US airspace on Thursday night and was tracked by the US military while moving over northeastern Alaska at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet). Its size was about the same as a small car, much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no evidence to suggest that the object is maneuverable.
John Cobb, the strategic communications coordinator of the National Security Council of the White House, said on Friday that although the specific appearance of this object flying at high altitude is not clear, it "poses a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation aircraft".
Kobe said that this object was different from the spy balloon found in the United States, and there was no "payload" hanging on it.
Kobe said, "We call it an 'object' and that's the best description we can give it right now."
Biden listened to the Pentagon's advice before ordering the object to be shot down, and he made the decision "very carefully," Cobb added.
The official description of the object by the United States can be summarized as follows: it is about the size of a small car, has no control stick, no suspension device, and flies at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But this information still cannot answer basic questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is carrying out.
Many analyses and speculations online suggest that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It may be from China, like the spy balloon that invaded US airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, and they are carrying out some kind of mission at different locations.
Some people also linked this “object” in Alaska with “unidentified flying objects” (UFOs).
The report by US News and World Report quoted former US Congressman Peter Meijer as saying on Twitter on Friday that "I really hope this 'unknown flying object' is also a spy balloon, not a legitimate UFO."
"The irony of confusing an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth starting an intergalactic conflict," Mejia said.
Mejia posted the tweet shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said that it was not just Meier who suspected that the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Congressman Tim Burchett criticized the government's cover-up of intelligence last month and demanded that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
Amazon's customer service attitude made me hard to believe.
I guess very few people have seen this, but I have to say a few words.
This garment was a zip-up jacket when we bought it, but it was delivered to me as a short-sleeved garment.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service. At that time, they confirmed that the clothes were still in stock, and I asked for an exchange. The customer service said they would handle it, and then I immediately saw that the name of the product had changed to short-sleeved, and the link I bought was taken down.
Then the customer service representative informed me that I could either keep the product and receive a certain amount of compensation or return the product.
Is this how Amazon handles things?
It's really hard to believe that the wrong clothes were sent is not my problem, as a consumer, I demand to get the goods I should get, and I didn't make any outrageous demands, but Amazon changed the name and said there was no stock.
This is my first long review, I hope it won't be my last.
Sleeves that are incomprehensible to people
It is said to be made of cowhide, and it is indeed quite hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks on the surface, and it is not clear whether it is genuine leather. Moreover, the sleeves of this jacket are really incomprehensible. The sleeves of a jacket are usually longer than the body, but this jacket is 5 cm longer, and the arms should hang naturally at the position of the wrist, but the sleeves of this jacket cover the fingers.
It is easy to buy clothes and it is also easy to return them.
But when will the money be returned?
The clothes are well made, but because the size is too small, I had to return them. However, even though I returned the clothes, it has been more than a week and I still haven’t received a refund?
Moreover, the buyer had to contact the unreliable company, Full Tong Express, by themselves, which was the worst shopping experience since they bought items from Amazon!
However, the store is still good, actively cooperating and urging the courier to refund the money in a timely manner, but the work of this Quanfeng courier is really infuriating, it took about half a month to refund the money, this kind of partner is dragging Amazon's feet, the work efficiency is poor, and there is no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
It was a 99-second kill.
The workmanship, color, and feel of the woolen pants are all good, soft/thin and just right, without any kerosene smell.
Unfortunately, the style is slim, which is more suitable for young people.
3XL, waistline 2 feet 5 inches, maximum stretched size 4 feet, 1.79/80 kg, wearing it feels a bit tight around the waist.
It seems that there is no elastic band at the waist, and it is quite difficult to loosen the waistline.
Also, wearing it is uncomfortable.
Good, the color is not very bright.
It went up by more than 200 yuan as soon as I bought it. What’s going on?
This is the first time I have used TT Express, which is Amazon's partner. The first time they delivered the package, it was not at home. Later, I actively arranged two delivery times with the delivery person, but the delivery person never showed up. Later, they directly refunded the money to me. This damn delivery person has no integrity at all. I strongly recommend that you do not use TT Express again.
This time, a sweater was also returned to me, and the price went up by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon shouldn't have this product in their own store.
I bought it when it was on sale, the price is not low, and the reviews are also very good.
I was stunned when I received the product. The surface of the product was heavily worn, and there were other places where it was worn. It was either a second-hand product or an old one. See the picture below.
I applied for a refund, and the manufacturer's staff said it was caused by transportation after seeing the pictures. Isn't that just nonsense?
How could the goods inside be worn out?
There are only two possibilities: either it is a defective or old product, or I intentionally damaged the product and then returned it for a refund.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I did not damage the goods, but based on my credit record of shopping on Amazon, I believe that such goods should not appear in Amazon's self-operated products. Customers choose Amazon's self-operated products because they trust it. Customer win, we win. The customer's victory is the manufacturer's victory. I hope we can work together to improve, thank you.
I have been using this product for less than a year and there are two E2s, I don't know how to deal with it?
I bought this product on July 30, 2015, but the red E2 light appeared on the right side of the receiver in March 2016. It seems that the transmitter module has a problem. This is not consistent with the claim on the Amazon website that the transmitter module can work for 7 years. I can't find after-sales service on the Amazon website. What should I do now?
It's okay.
The first purchase was bad.
It doesn't feel like a new one.
The label on the box was torn off, and the label on the body was also broken.
And it always shows a blank screen.
It was better after the change.
The replacement was quick, the image was a bit blurry at night, the viewing angle was not very wide, but it was enough for ordinary home use.
The only downside is that there is no card, and I bought it myself, and I also bought a phone from Amazon before.
There should be a sticker on the package to prevent it from being opened, but this time there was none. When buying the phone, there should be a sticker like this that can be attached to the warranty card, but this time there was none.
I don't know if it's because the product is cheaper, but I'm confused.
Waiting for the supplier to respond
The package had no label, so I directly called the supplier and was told that the product was genuine if there was no label. If I had any doubts, I could send the corner of the package to Johnson & Johnson for inspection, and I could also leave my license plate number and phone number. They promised to send me a text message to inform me that my information had been entered into the Johnson & Johnson warranty card. But I haven't received any text message yet.
The engine oil was received in the morning and was replaced in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's self-operated products are also very reliable.
The mechanic who changed the oil said that the oil was clear and it was indeed good oil.
Because it was the second time I bought it.
So I feel very reassured.
The delivery was fast, the packaging was good, and after using this oil, the engine noise was significantly reduced.
It has good value for money, and it is hard to find synthetic engine oil for less than 200.
Supports the star crown, supports the winning card, effectively protects the car.
Amazon Japan caused buyers to suffer serious losses due to customer service issues (8c of ladybugs were shipped as 8cm of ladybugs) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
They admitted the mistake, but kept making excuses, always emphasizing that the goods were owned by a third party and that they could not bind the third party.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
The page size options I bought at the time were 7c, 8, and 9c. I thought it was a trap at the time, so I called the Jingdong Chinese customer service and was told that 8 was 8c. However, when the goods arrived in China, I found that it was only 8cm. I think this was a trap set up to cheat Chinese people (according to Amazon's after-sales service). Now, this option is no longer available on the page.
Chinese customer service: I'm sorry for causing you losses, we give you two options:
1, You return the goods, and the buyer bears all the freight charges.
2, If you do not return the goods, we will compensate you with 1,000 yen.
(I’ll do the math, the shoes are over 4000 yen, which is about 200 RMB, I choose 1, I don’t have shoes, the loss is 200 yuan.
I chose 2, I had shoes, and I was compensated 2000 yen. The final loss was 150 RMB. Customer service: We have recorded it, we will handle it seriously, and we sent a reply the next day saying that I did not accept the mediation of the Chinese customer service, and that was it.
I asked: when there are such confusing options as 7c, 8c, and 9c on the purchase page, the Chinese customer service told me that the common codes in Japan do not have c, like 140, but have you ever gone to other Momotaro pages to check?
There are cases where both American and Japanese codes are mixed.
Moreover, why do you put the 8cm size in between the 7cm and 9cm sizes? It’s the smallest size, so why do you put it there?
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese services, but we don't know that you want to send it back to your country, so we won't compensate for your shipping fee.
I don't understand this logic again. I am Japanese, I need Chinese customer service, and Chinese people living in Japan don't need Chinese customer service. Tourists visiting Japan don't have the time to make international long-distance calls. So, the question is, who needs to call Amazon Overseas Shopping's Chinese customer service? It's only people like me who shop on Taobao.
Isn’t Amazon’s Chinese customer service convenient for those of us who shop online?
I am not very satisfied with this purchase.
This is the second time I have bought Bambino Mio diapers from Amazon. I bought a box when my baby was two months old. I chose the diapers made of European imported paper. I was quite satisfied with my first purchase. My baby wore the same diaper all night long, and it really could last for 12 hours without being changed.
However, when I bought L brand diapers this time, there were two packages in one box, and when I opened them, I felt that the paper was too soft, which was significantly different from the imported Bambino Mio. After using them on my baby, it was okay, there was no leakage or rash.
But when it came to the second pack of diapers, the baby's inner thighs immediately developed a rash after using them, and it has not gone away to this day.
I doubt the quality of the 2 packs in the box are different.
I won't be buying it again in the future!
I hope you will pay attention to the transportation protection of the package.
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have seen since I started shopping online. There were no protective measures, no buffer foam, no buffer layer material for the package, nothing.
It's just a deformed box.
Moreover, the soft plastic box packaging was crushed and deformed.
I hope it is genuine, with a guarantee of quality. I won't dare to buy things from Amazon in the future.
I would rather pay double the price domestically and have some guarantee.
Moreover, the problem of product packaging has been commented on in 2016, and it is still the same now, 19 years later.
It shows that Amazon doesn’t care about feedback at all, which is far behind JD.com, Tmall and other domestic companies.
It looks good, but there are some small regrets.
I really like the color of the whole cup, which is orange, although my family is all boys, I still think that orange and yellow look great together.
It’s a little smaller than I imagined, but it’s meant to be carried out of the house, so it’s still acceptable.
Last night, I tried it at home, and after pushing the cap open, the distance between the straw and the cap was too close, because the straw was positioned vertically, so my son always had to hold the bump on the cap while drinking water, and he thought this part could be improved.
It seems that other brands of straw cups have a slanted straw for a reason, and when it comes to children's things, safety and comfort really do matter.
Lightweight and large capacity
I like that it is lightweight and has a large opening, but the two independent compartments are a bit too much for me, and I don't know what to put in them.
After buying it, I found that there was another brand that was very similar on Haibaoye, and it was less than 200 yuan.
Fake products are especially bad.
Amazon sells fake goods, and I have to admit that I have bought them.
The customer service said that since I had used it, I could not return it, but how could I know it was fake if I didn’t use it?
Because of trust, I am sad, after all, it is a product for wiping your face, so why not buy it at a physical store, where it is more expensive.
Since it was a flash sale, I didn’t read the reviews. I have already submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce’s e-commerce platform. Let’s fight for our rights together.
Broken?
Fake goods?
In short, a tragedy.
The second sheet I chose was fine-pored, but it had a strange smell when I opened it, I thought it was normal because I had never used this product before, and then when I put it on my face, I couldn't stand the smell at all, it was very strong, I couldn't describe it, I started coughing and my eyes hurt, I cried and immediately took it off and washed my face.
Those who don’t believe in evil have opened another store with the same products, but the flavor is not as strong, and I am applying it now.
It reminds me of the smell of cheap hair straightening products in a hair salon.
It’s hard to imagine that Amazon’s self-owned skincare products will be avoided from now on?
Traitorous businessmen.
At the time of purchase, the activity page said that for every 99 yuan spent, you would receive a “Three-Body Collection” as a gift. However, when I received the package, there was no such gift. When I called customer service, I was told to show them a screenshot of the activity at the time. The problem is, who buys things and saves screenshots of web pages? You need your customers to help you provide evidence for your own activities. Buyers, please be careful next time and save your evidence.
Feeling after use
I bought something from Amazon for the first time, and I have a few feelings about it. Let me talk about the experience of using the product first. First of all, it really is painless and there is no irritating taste. Overall, it's pretty good. It takes about 8 minutes to apply and then it comes off, but there is a small amount of dirt on it that you can't see unless you look closely. So overall, it's pretty good. As for whether I will continue to use it, I will have to observe and continue to use it to find out.
Anyway, I think this thing is really good.
The second order was placed on the 27th and received on the 12th, a total of 15 days, which is half a month. The delivery person's service attitude was also very good.
Third, don’t believe in Amazon’s Black Friday, I ordered on Friday and it was almost 12 yuan cheaper after waiting for two days, which means I paid more than 170 yuan (including shipping fees), and it feels like they raise the price when they have a promotion.
The customer service representative said that the price fluctuates, but I have been monitoring the price for more than 10 days and it is always the same, with not much fluctuation.
Affordable price, made in Japan, with Chinese labels, with granules, absolutely worth buying!
The ointment with particles in it is just right for a refreshing feeling, and it makes my teeth feel smooth. It's much better than some second-hand stuff from the east. They say it's imported goods, but many of them don't have Chinese labels, and I don't know where they were wholesaled from.
From now on, I will only buy from Amazon and never go to second-hand shops again.
Here’s a suggestion: sometimes the Amazon app doesn’t work when I want to show my receipts. I hope you can improve the app, it will be better and better!
Over the years, the quality of service has been getting worse and worse, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
The garbage company is excellent but does not care about customer needs. When placing an order, the special delivery time is 19:00-22:00.
Because there is an elderly person who cannot get out of bed after surgery at home, the package can only be received at night.
The result was that they arrived at my doorstep at noon, without any prior phone call.
If the delivery time is at the discretion of the delivery person, why bother to make up a time for customers to choose from?
If your logistics cannot guarantee the service, then don't do e-commerce at all!
A senior citizen with three wounds on his body was asked to get out of bed to open the door and pay for the delivery with change!
There was a contact phone number on the order!
No one has called to explain anything from beginning to end!
The so-called complaint customer service of Zhiyue Network is just a group of outsiders pretending to be there to deal with your complaints and then giving you a so-called response.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I have encountered similar problems with delivery times before, but I could tolerate them. This time, however, I can’t tolerate it anymore. It’s too much!
After pre-ordering the new book, I received it and found that the front and back covers were reversed. How could they send the book to customers like this, ignoring the obvious quality problem?
No one will contact you about negative reviews.
Over the years, the quality of service has been getting worse and worse, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
I won't spend a penny on Excellence anymore.
The quality of the pictures is really unacceptable.
As a title like “Ancient Map Collection”, this book is really unacceptable in terms of the selection, layout and printing of the pictures, some of which are even mosaicked and blurred to the point of being unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small illustration, it should be worthy of the vast medieval documentary materials left by our ancestors in the catalogue!
(Moreover, many images can be obtained from relevant industry resources as clear original documents) What is the difference between using such images to compile books and not using images at all?
I am sorry for the scholarship spirit like this.
I won’t comment on the text, and each family has its own interpretation.
Overall 2 stars.
When I was in the second year of high school, I read this book just for fun, thinking that I wouldn’t get addicted to it, because I had never been attracted to the web novels on Qidian before.
Then... I fell into the trap.
According to this plot, the whole book is quite light and enjoyable, and in the first part, Ye Xiu was still in the online game, even if there was a struggle between guilds, it was usually bloodied by Ye Shen, and it was not at all heavy.
As for the part about the competition, I wrote about the bittersweet feeling of the changing times (perhaps I am too sensitive).
I spent a lot of my high school time reading this book, but I just couldn’t stop.
The full-time description of characters and emotional lines is amazing. Some characters only appear occasionally, but they also leave a deep impression on people. Characters like Ye Xiu, Huang Shaoti, and Su Miotang, who are described in more detail, have a large number of fans. Even characters who are not the focus of the writing, such as Jiang Bo, Tu Xunxiu, etc., are very popular. In a lighthearted e-sports novel, it is impossible to find a character that is hated to the extreme. This is the success of Full-time in character description.
In terms of the romantic lines, there is no problem of the harem beauties or the ugly and corrupt women that are common in ordinary online novels. All the characters in the novel have one thing in common, which is that they like the game Honor and most of them want to win honorably.
Small quantities have no big conspiracy, and everyone looks so simple and lovely.
This is perhaps why there are no unpleasant roles in full-time work.
The full-time IP is also a big reason for this.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online literature, Full-time is a good book.
He really can give people some blood, some touching moments.
It will be animated full-time in April this year.
I’ve wanted to buy this set of books for a long time, but I’ve never had the courage to buy it because I’m always short of money. Then I found out that there were a lot of fake books on TB when I wanted to buy it. Actually, there is another version of Full-time recently, and I like the cover, but I still want to buy the old version first, so I looked it up on Amazon and bought a set at once.
Next, let me briefly introduce the goods.
● The fourth book has no plastic cover, but the book is new.
● The 17th plastic cover is open, but the quality of the book is strange, it doesn't feel as hard as the others.
● The 23rd and 17th volumes are the same, but the 23rd is harder, but very old.
● The publishers of some books are different, for example, the 23rd and 17th are from the same publisher, while the others are different.
● Overall, I am satisfied, 24 books in a large box, very satisfying.
A lonely little lion
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as “The Lost Corner”, but it turned out to have a lot of text!
I read this book three times before I finished reading it to the children. It was about a little lion that could shoot and a little lion that loved to eat fruit juice candy.
When I saw the scene of the lion eating the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern urban people cannot accept the idea of being eaten by animals.
In the end, this little lion, who has succeeded in human society, has lost himself, he is no longer completely a lion, nor is he completely human.
In the end, only the lion cub's back was visible, and we don't know where he went.
Perhaps many years later, the image of this little lion will still be in the minds of the grown-up children, and will be remembered one day, perhaps touching or inspiring them.
A collection of works with a high cost-performance ratio
1. I didn’t know about TASCHEN before, but I recently bought a lot of their books because they are so powerful, both in terms of their selection of topics and their production.
This book has been published in three versions. The largest version is the same as the complete works of Michelangelo, measuring nearly 50 cm in length and 34 cm in width; the medium version is about 36 cm in length and 23 cm in width; and this version is the smallest, and comes with a book box containing two volumes.
Personally, I think it's acceptable, firstly, because the price is cheap and the book is divided into two volumes, which is convenient for browsing; secondly, it's different from the complete works of Michelangelo, where the paintings take up the main part, and in this book, the black and white manuscripts of da Vinci take up most of the book, which is the best value for money for readers with limited budgets and who are not art majors, as they can appreciate the paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanation of the painting section is great, with analysis of composition, sketch analysis, and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I don't know if it's a printing or book size issue, some shadow parts are too deep and can't be seen clearly, which is a bit regrettable.
3. Compared with Michelangelo's manuscripts, da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer in content.
The former is already a genius, and the latter has such a wide range of interests and such high achievements that it is not enough to describe them as a genius.
If before you could only appreciate half of da Vinci's works, after seeing the manuscripts, you will be completely speechless.
Garbage, whoever buys it will regret it!
Those who never give bad reviews are really trash, I wasted my money on this, give me a reason!
1. You are not allowed to leave, and suddenly it becomes January 1st, the time is reset to zero.
2. The low-quality straps are not made of silicone, and they cause allergic reactions and swelling on the wrist.
3. Often unable to connect to the phone.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. The sleep detection does not show anything, the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Other.
The logistics is too slow.
It showed that it was delivered on October 16, but I received it on the 21st, bad review!
The delivery is so bad, and it’s already slow to buy things on Amazon, I didn’t expect it to be this slow!
Overall satisfaction
I was worried about the camera's packaging at first, but this time it was okay, there was an air bag inside, the camera's serial number was consistent, and it could be registered on the official website, the shutter count was 0, and the rest could only be tested with time.
The delivery speed is quite fast, but I have to complain about the delivery man here. He left the valuable items in the lobby and left quickly. I couldn't check the package in front of him, and I really have nothing to say about this.
The seller thought about the customers before shipping:)
The seller is very responsible, and they even called to ask about the screen size of the camera, which really shows that they care about their customers.
The delivery speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also quite suitable and useful.
The battery is not fully charged.
The machine is really good, but I want to ask why it can't be fully charged when I charge it for the first time, and the charging indicator light is always red.
Currently, there is no official feedback channel for Amazon, so we can only give feedback in the product reviews.
1. On March 29, I purchased this book for 31 yuan through pre-order, and it showed that it would be pushed to my device on March 31. At this time, the book could not be previewed on the Amazon website (because it had not been published yet);
2. The book pushed to the device on March 31 was blank, with only a message saying “please wait”, while the e-book version of the book on Amazon was reduced to 18 yuan;
3. I have repeatedly tried to delete the blank book downloaded on the device and sync it again, but I still can’t get the electronic version of “The Nature of Business” that contains actual content, but I can see that the book is available for preview on the Amazon website.
At present, I have a few thoughts.
1. The issue of price is not the most important one; the key is how to replace the empty books on Kindle with books that have real content, rather than always downloading books that are “coming soon”
2. The books you pre-ordered should not be bought again in the future, after all, if you miss the deadline, it will be very complicated to download a book with empty content;
3. I hope Amazon can provide a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When there is a doubt about downloading or using e-books, there should be a place to provide feedback (ticket or online customer service are both acceptable, you can refer to how Microsoft official store does it)
Not very recommended to read.
I read it a long time ago, and I happened to see it and decided to write a review based on my memory.
This book is more like a collection of fragments of life about love, rather than a collection of short stories.
The tone of the book is extremely plain, like plain water, the words and sentences are extremely simple, and the plot is as quiet and plain as a street in the afternoon of summer.
Each short story is a snapshot of a small period of time in ordinary life, with no beginning and no ending.
Finally collected together, it was named “What We Talk About When We Talk About Love”.
I think that this collection of short stories, and its title, are a kind of performance art. The author wants to express that love is not just the ups and downs on stage, the myths of the city, or the sticky sweetness of you and me. Love is not just what is represented above, nor should it be. Love is also the mundane life of everyday, the dullness of day after day, the helplessness in the face of life, the escape from reality, and the confusion about the future.
When reading this book, you may recall the quarrelsome couples around you, the dull marriages of people you know, and the unfortunate love affairs.
This is exactly why I don’t recommend reading it. From an aesthetic point of view, the writing and plot of the book are bland, unless your life is full of ups and downs or sweet like living in a candy castle, otherwise you will feel indifferent and bored while reading it.
From the perspective of depth of thought, the daily plot did not make people see the light or expand one's mind and vision (this is different from Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera), and the brief segments did not explore any issues, such as what kind of mistakes led to the failure of love.
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book, whether you read it or not doesn't make much difference.
The author's ideas are expressed more through techniques and genres than through the storyline, which is also the reason why the reading experience of this book is not very good.
It is suitable for a quick read, but not for detailed reading.
The book is well-structured, but the content is not rich enough.
Many sales theories explain what and why, but are weak in terms of how to do it, only pointing out the direction but not providing specific practices.
Also, the book feels like it was cobbled together.
For example, there are both domestic and foreign ones; there are both well-known businessmen or salespeople and those who are not well-known.
I don’t know if these stories were compiled to provide examples, but if some of the cases were experienced by the author, they would be more convincing.
The terms customer and client are used interchangeably.
In the title, it is still a customer, but in the main text, it has become a client.
The e-book also contained spelling errors, missing punctuation marks, and numbering errors.
In short, this book is a good choice for beginners in the field of sales, but it is not very suitable for those who are already engaged in sales work and want to improve their sales skills.
A quick guide to understanding Internet finance
This book is very simple and can be said to be just an introductory course. It can help you quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but if you want to understand it in depth, you still need to study it carefully on your own.
Moreover, the book was written a long time ago, and it does not mention the later subsidy war between Alipay and WeChat, which cultivated user habits. Nowadays, the share of third-party payment is probably no longer as small as the book says.
Nowadays, many people go out to eat with their mobile phones, and merchants have stopped using UnionPay because of the high bank transaction volume.
But I still want to thank the author for writing this introductory book. It is clear that the author has at least several years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development in China and abroad, which is why the content is so easy to understand.
It is easy to write in a grandiose style, but the difficult part is to write in a way that is easy to understand.
I appreciate you, and I want you to know that!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the level of salary, but whether they receive enough attention and recognition in their work.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs, after the basic needs of human survival are met, the most pressing need is the psychological need to be understood, recognized and appreciated.
Indeed, for the Chinese people, most of them are “love you but can’t say it”, even if they have love, gratitude and appreciation, they keep it in their hearts and won’t say it out loud.
In this book, the author explains five languages of appreciation: affirming words, quality time, acts of service, tangible gifts, and physical touch.
I don't think it's important to know what the five languages of appreciation are, but rather to be able to use these five languages to appreciate and express gratitude to those around you, whether they are family, friends or colleagues.
In fact, the closer the relationship, the more appreciation and gratitude we need, so that our lives can become more beautiful.
By learning to appreciate, enterprises can also retain talent to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.
Thank you to the translators for bringing us such wonderful foreign thoughts and worlds.
Due to cultural backgrounds, there are differences between languages, and if you have the opportunity to read the original version, you will gain more.
Thank you again to the author, translator and editors for their hard work!
Suspected of being fake goods, please have Amazon strictly review them
The quality is superb, but the packaging is flimsy, there is no weight, and it is even worse than products from street vendors. There is no weight, no barcode, and even the packaging of ten bags is flimsy. It is completely not the characteristic of a qualified product. This is the worst shopping experience on Amazon. I have applied for a refund. This is a quality problem. I recommend that the seller open their eyes and refuse low-quality goods. Additional note: I bought another product from Heart to Heart, which cost 23 yuan/10 packs in the supermarket. I added a few comparison photos to further verify the poor quality of the product. I did this to give consumers a clearer reference, to avoid economic losses and further discomfort!
Once again, I hope that Amazon can be meticulous and strictly control the source of goods.
The products are mediocre and fall short of expectations.
Advantages:
1. Big brands, cheap prices.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are both guaranteed by PANASONIC, and it is also OK to use, but it falls short of my expectations.
Disadvantages:
1. There is no indicator light for charging, which means that even the most basic power indicator is omitted. It is estimated that customers who purchase a product for 300 yuan are considered as charity cases in the eyes of Matsushita PANASONIC, and they have no respect for them.
2. Strong odor: When charging, even if it is only charged for 10 minutes, you can smell the strong smell of burning plastic.
The office tried it for one day, and the whole room smelled like plastic.
Compared to the Philips at the same price that I used before, although it has an extra blade, the quality of this Panasonic product is really a letdown for consumers.
Small packaging
When I received the package, I saw that it was marked as the e-commerce version, and I knew I had been scammed again. It was smaller than the one I bought at the supermarket, and it should be M. The packaging was different from the one in the product description, which was supposedly the new version.
Three stars are for blaming myself for not reading the product specifications carefully. I have no objection to you selling the M-size version of the product, but what do you mean by the wrong version?
E-commerce is tricky, so I still go to the supermarket to buy things when I have time.
For the sauce, use purple.
I don't like the taste.
The child doesn't like the taste of toothpaste, and every time he says it's spicy. Maybe it's more appropriate to use another word, but for now, that's the only word in the child's vocabulary.
I bought it when I was buying things for the event, so it was cheap, so I didn't want to give it a bad review, so I gave it four stars, but I won't buy it again.
It's genuine, and it's well-packaged.
The packaging was complete, and there was an air bag inside, but there was only the appearance of the product, without any comments online.
The bottle is wrapped in a plastic film as described in the picture, and the delivery was also fast, arriving the day after I ordered it.
It is genuine, but they are out of stock and I don’t know when they will restock.
A frustrating shopping experience
I placed an order during Black Friday, but I waited for a long time and never received it. After checking, I found that the package had been signed for a long time ago. I asked my colleagues around me, and they all said they didn't help sign for it. I quickly contacted the courier company, but they said that only the sender could initiate the inquiry. I contacted Amazon customer service, and waited for more than ten days. Finally, I found out that the package was mistakenly delivered to someone else. After several rounds of transfer, I finally got the package back. The outer packaging had been opened, but the goods were still intact. I don't know if they had been used, but in any case, it was a very frustrating experience.
Wrong illustration
I thought I would receive the headphones shown in Picture 1, but instead I received the headphones shown in Picture 2. The pictures don’t match, but what does it mean that the left and right sound volumes are different?
Although the names are the same, I hope everyone can be careful, and I also ask the person in charge of Amazon to replace the correct image in a timely manner, thank you very much.
The operating system is average.
After using it for a while, the overall picture is still okay, I can't really tell the difference, but this system makes me feel uneasy, the boot time is obviously a bit slow, and I can't make good settings, the software that comes with it is not worth mentioning, and the response speed is even worse, it's not even in the same league as my colleague's.
I read the comments saying that the design is very humanized, but I can’t find where it is humanized. The position of the return key in the remote controller, which is commonly used for up, down, left, and right, is really not something to be praised.
So, just use it as a TV, and add a TV box or something like that.
The price cut is too strong.
The price cut is too strong, from over 100 to 99 now!
I had a lot of unrated orders on Amazon, so I used a copied paragraph as the review content.
If I use this sentence to evaluate it, it means that this product is at least 85 points.
For poor products, I will never be lazy enough to copy and paste reviews, so that other consumers can use them as a reference when making a purchase, and the merchants can improve the quality of their products as a result.
Low price, good quality, no fever, this is enough!
This cable is so cheap, but it should meet the HDMI certification standard. I personally compared it with those crap things from Akihabara in Japan (which are twice as expensive), and the cable is thick and soft, with no noise during 7 meters of transmission. I will trust this brand in the future!
The products are okay, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites.
After placing the order, I found that I had made a mistake, but the order could not be canceled, and the webpage contacting the online customer service always showed an error link, and I could not contact them.
After the delivery person arrived, he called me and I said I didn't want it anymore. I tried to cancel the order, but it didn't work. The delivery person took it back and said I should sign for it and then apply for a refund.
I was only informed of the non-refundable policy for food items when I applied for a refund. I couldn't call Amazon customer service, and they said the same thing: once received, the item cannot be returned.
I have bought items that cannot be returned due to policy before on JD.com and Sunning, including milk and diapers, and I was able to get a refund by contacting customer service. Even after opening the diapers, the smell was too strong, and I was still able to get a refund by contacting customer service. But it doesn't work on Amazon.
Rules are dead, people are alive, how to deal with it when contacting your customer service?
I told them to either pick it up themselves or let the delivery person buy it themselves. The delivery person is already having a hard time, why should I make them spend money to buy something they didn't buy themselves?
Okay, I won't return it either, I'll keep it myself, but I must give you a 1 for your service.
I advise you not to waste your money.
First of all, I was full of expectations when I bought it, thinking that the Doudou brand should be good, but when I received it, I thought it was still okay, the size was not bad, but there was one box that was basically soft, you couldn't tell from the outside, the texture was terrible, it had no taste at all when I put it in my mouth, it was bland and tasteless, the fruit flesh was dark yellow when I bit into it, it was bad, it was sold based on its quality, less than one third of it was edible, I advise you not to buy it, it's not cheap, and the quality is too poor!
Learn from your mistakes and never buy fruit from e-commerce sites again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting mark on the product?
The corner of the bottom of the bottle is severely dented, which must have been caused by a strong impact. From the outer packaging, it feels heartbreaking, as the packaging is too simple for food products, and it is also an international purchase. There is no obvious anti-counterfeiting mark on it. Opening the bottle is very easy, and the most important thing is that the layer of honey inside the cap directly flows out from the inside, and there is almost no adhesive property when opening the bottle. Is this how foreign products are?
As someone born in China, I don’t quite understand.
It should be genuine, right?
There was also a reminder that it would arrive on the 20th, but I received it on the 14th. This is the first time I have shopped overseas here, I just want to write down my doubts, maybe this is all normal?
The pick-up service needs improvement.
I bought a total of 5 pickup tickets, and when I went to pick them up, I made a reservation for 3 of them the first time, but only 2 were delivered. After much communication, it was confirmed that they were not delivered, and they promised to make up for it; the second time I made a reservation, it just so happened to be a day off, and neither the website nor WeChat gave any indication that I needed to make a reservation on a workday, causing unnecessary panic. I suggest that this should be improved in the future.
Good shopping
Great reviews!
I still trust Amazon's self-operated products more. Now that overseas shopping is so convenient, it only takes a few more days to get the goods from abroad than from within the country. I have to say that Amazon's customs clearance ability from overseas to China is very strong, much faster than transshipment, so now I buy a lot of things on Amazon overseas.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be better. Many things are produced domestically, but they are cheaper when bought abroad than in the country. I hope that this can be improved.
Garbage
When you see a package like this, ask yourself: do you think it's garbage on the side of the road?
A fragile plastic package was sent from so-called Germany in a plastic bag, is this kind of packaging responsible?
I think this kind of packaging is just like wrapping garbage. The packaging of this product is very poor, there is no measure to prevent damage, it is just a simple plastic bag, after receiving it, the packaging was completely deformed, and the items inside were also damaged.
If I only encounter one like this, I will admit it, I bought several of them like this, and when I contacted Amazon customer service, the customer service said that I could return it, but the shipping fee would be paid in advance, and then the shipping fee would be returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I ask, if I pay the shipping fee with cash, you give me a gift card, which means you are asking me to buy your gift card, and I have to send the product to your warehouse in Germany myself, this is not fair!
I kept asking the customer service representative who was responsible for this problem, but they didn't say it was their responsibility. They didn't even dare to take responsibility. What kind of after-sales service is this? One word: it's your fault! But I guess Amazon won't give me the chance to post this review, and will just delete it.
Quality is 5 stars, logistics is poor.
1, the quality is very good, it is a bargain, the price is reasonable, and it is worth the money.
2, solid, enough material, strong welding points, proper surface treatment, good color.
3, logistics is a problem, orders placed on the 3rd arrived on the 11th.
4, If Amazon didn't say the estimated delivery date was February 7, I might be satisfied.
5, but if the expected delivery time is marked, it is equivalent to making a promise to the user, and when the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user will be very unhappy.
6. If you are not confident in your ability to fulfill a commitment, please do not make it.
7. In fact, I pay a lot of attention to the commitments made by merchants.
8, so I gave it a low score.
The gold thread will fade.
The effect is there, but whether it is obvious or not depends on the individual, or it may be a psychological effect.
The only thing that is not so good is the gold line, which was originally designed to look good, but in reality, this gold line fades, and if you put it on the car, and if you touch it a few times, there will be some gold powder on your hands and on the car.
I hope the product can be improved.
This kind of square one doesn’t have much decorative effect, so don’t put gold lines on it, it will get dirty on the car and be a hassle to clean.
The goods are in good condition, the speed is good, and they are packed in two different packages.
The speed of delivery in 8 days is pretty fast, but the two items were sent in two separate packages, and the packaging was different. One was over-protected with thick cardboard and plastic, while the other was easy to open. One was like a domestic express delivery box, with a few cushioning airbags inside, and I felt it was a bit of a cop-out.
The Yalan mattress is really good.
The 34CM mattress is not ordinary thick, you can sleep directly on the mattress without a bed.
The quality is good, and it is soft on both sides, which makes for a comfortable sleep. I fell asleep quickly after lying down on it.
After receiving the mattress, there were two spots that were a bit dirty due to the violent transportation of the courier. Yalan customer service was responsible and efficient in contacting me to solve the problem.
It's not a self-owned product, Amazon is shameless
The page clearly indicates that it is self-operated, but in fact it is delivered by the supplier and after-sales service is provided by the supplier. If there is a problem, you can contact the supplier directly.
If you want to cancel the order, I'm sorry, the order information has been sent to the supplier and cannot be canceled; if you want to return or exchange the goods, you have successfully applied for a return or exchange on Amazon, but nobody will help you, and you need to contact the supplier to return the goods yourself.
This is a self-operated product.
The goods are not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon does not provide after-sales service. The customer service said, "I will help you contact the supplier," and even claimed that it was self-operated. This is too shameless, naked and without face, and it is a blatant fraud against consumers!
Frustrating experience
The filter I bought from another website before had good filtering effect, and there was no scale after using it for 28 days and another two days.
Since the quality of the things I bought from Amazon has always been good, I decided to buy the filter cartridge here. This is the first time I buy a filter cartridge from Amazon, and I don't feel good about it. Not only did it start to have water scale early on, but there were also small black carbon powders floating in the filter cartridge until the 28th day. I don't know whether to continue using it or just throw it away. I'm really frustrated!
It's not as good as I imagined.
Compared with the power strips I have used before, the external workmanship is average, and I have not opened it to see the internal workmanship, but I hope it is as described by the store. From the convenience of use, there is a lack of display of whether each independent unit is powered on.
The package was damaged, so I will wait to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is severely damaged, but the inner packaging seems to be new. The manual, however, does not seem to be new. The apartment was renovated in September. I hope the goods will not be damaged. Please explain to me why several customers have mentioned damaged packaging, but you seem to be able to handle it without any problems. Thank you!
Overall not bad, but there are some minor issues.
This is the first time I buy a water filter kettle. After reading some reviews, I felt that LAICA has a good value for money, so I chose it. I followed the instructions to install the filter and tried it out. Overall, I think it’s not bad, but when pouring water, it seems that the original water mixes with the treated water from the kettle’s spout (the original water tank is not sealed tightly).
When using it, be sure to pour it out after all the water has been filtered!
The picture is incomplete.
The picture did not capture the details of the side, and the details of the side did not match the style of the main body, which is a big difference; this bead is made in Thailand, but it does not indicate the place of origin, which is the second point; it does not indicate the quality, which is the third point; when I bought it in the UK, each item was clearly packaged in a box, but here there is only a simple plastic bag, and there is no product mark on the bead, so I have no way to judge whether it is real or fake.
Be careful when buying, especially when buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service is really bad.
I placed an order two days ago, and today I found that the price had dropped by 40 yuan. I spent a lot of time looking for customer service, and the customer service said that there was no way to make up for the difference, but I could re-purchase and return the goods.
This customer experience and service is a thousand times worse than that of some Taobao and Tmall merchants.
It's okay, it's worth buying as a beginner.
The quality is good, and it's not inferior to the top-grade gold Buddha; I saw it at the mall before, and it was several hundred yuan, I'm playing with gold Buddha for the first time, it's okay.
The food is good.
The products are really good, but I was a bit unhappy because I wasn't at home when the courier arrived at noon. The logistics company directly put the package in the mailbox and didn't send me a confirmation message. I had to go back twice.
But the baby is really cute.
Worth buying
The little monkey is cute, and Amazon's discount is really big. Zhou Shengsheng's website directly ships the products, I ordered it last night and received it this afternoon, it's really fast.
The postal delivery person is also very responsible.
Bravo!
A customer's confession
1. After receiving such a defective product, Amazon customer service told you not to worry, we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then you contact the customer service staff in the middle, they will tell you that this problem will be handled by a specialist, who will inform you of the result.
You can never contact this commissioner on your own initiative, you don’t know her work number, and you don’t have her direct line phone number. It’s only her who can contact you.
The tragedy is that after waiting for nearly 3 days, this commissioner contacted me, but my phone was out of reach for a while and I didn't receive a call from this commissioner.
I waited for two hours and did not receive a call from the commissioner. During this time, I actively contacted Amazon customer service and sent an email asking her to call me back.
4 days have passed and I still don't know what Amazon will do about the defective coffee machine I received!
There is no problem with the products from Amazon in the US. Shopping on Haoyunju is a good way to shop, but the service is far inferior to that of Amazon.
6For me, I can only continue to wait...
The bottom is uneven.
Because the comments on the product were all good, everyone was looking forward to it, and when they got it, they liked it, it was lightweight, but when they started using it, they found problems, the bottom of the pot was not flat, it was raised in the middle and sunken around the edges, the oil ran to the edges, the big fat meat I bought specifically for frying was not covered by the oil in the central area, it was a mess, I couldn't even start cooking with it, this kind of construction is not suitable for normal cooking.
I don’t know if I was just unlucky, but I got a crooked pot, luckily Amazon offers a one-month return service, so I returned it.
I returned the pot to the store clean and tidy, and the store owner was very busy.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve it
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The cube shape, the designer has processed the top into a slight arc.
It should have been a very smooth line.
Unfortunately, the final result was not achieved.
Because there are two components on the top, the front one is the control panel, and the back one is the water tank lid.
The arc of the top cover and the arc of the control panel were not consistent, and a height difference of up to 2mm appeared after assembly.
Although it looks like a very small gap.
But it can be said that it destroyed the entire design feeling.
I feel sorry for the product designer.
It seems that the product manager of Midea is not capable of creating products of this level.
(Of course, I can’t ask too much of the after-sales service, but when I heard the after-sales service say that all the products were like this, not just the one I bought that had a problem, her indifference and honesty made me realize that I can’t ask too much of beauty products) 2019-7-7 The pump malfunctioned and the water output was low, it has been repaired for the second time, and it broke again two weeks after the first repair.
The discount is very reasonable, but the fake discounts on Amazon are heartbreaking.
Buy it a week after the baby is born, it has super insulation.
There is not a single trace of heat on the outside of the pot, so it won’t burn people, and it can effectively prevent heat from escaping.
After one night, the air conditioning room still maintained a high temperature.
Amazon said that there were 320 great deals for the anniversary event, but later it was found that there were 249, 289, and 299, and I suddenly felt like I was being cheated, but when I compared the prices at the supermarket, I found that it was still cheaper than all the other brands at the same price, and I can take it with me when I go out in the future.
Vitamix 6300
I have been waiting for a long time, and when I saw that the Meizu 6300 was on sale, I immediately bought it at the same price as the Middle East Overseas Shopping.
I placed the order on September 2, and it was expected to arrive on September 21. However, it arrived on September 12, almost 10 days earlier. The speed was really fast!
The package is not big, and it is directly the original packaging of Vitamix. Amazon is not afraid of it being damaged during shipping!
The machine looks new, the parts are complete, but the cup shakes a lot when it is placed on the base, I was afraid that the cup would fly out when I turned it on!
I asked a friend who has 5200, and he said it didn't feel as loose as mine.
The recipes that come with the product are all in English, which is quite tiring to read, and I couldn't find a Chinese version online, which is a hassle!
After receiving the goods, I quickly bought a transformer, it should arrive in 3 days, and then I will play with it!
It is too small, there is no sleeve, and the material is ordinary.
It's not a large size at all!
The second Totes umbrella, 1. This one doesn't have a cover, 2. The handle material is average, 3. Although it's labeled as Large, it's actually a convenient umbrella for one person, two people probably won't be able to use it.
On the contrary, the one I bought from Meiya before can be used by three people without any pressure.
I don't feel very well.
Firstly, the box is not very sturdy and deforms when you press it; secondly, the design on the back to prevent the ABS from scratching the surface of the box is ineffective; thirdly, the place where the cloth is wrapped around the rod inside the box is exposed; and so on, there are many things that are not satisfactory; finally, the zipper is a bit difficult to use.
PS: The wheels feel really good.
It is also possible.
Pros: This shoulder bag is quite refined and looks durable.
Cons: the QR code on the card cannot be scanned (what the hell is going on), the 15.6 inch laptop cannot be put down (can't it be a little longer), the shoulder bag's zipper can be locked, but the seller did not prepare a lock for the buyer, this cannot be called service-oriented.
It’s okay overall, I don’t know if it’s genuine leather.
Overall, it feels okay, but I can’t tell if it’s genuine leather or not, so I can’t give an opinion.
It can hold A4-sized documents, and can hold documents up to 80 pages thick, but it is estimated that it cannot hold box-shaped objects that are too thick and too hard (and cannot be deformed).
The bag is very soft, and the inner compartments are also quite humanized, so it's pretty good.
The only thing is that the bottom of the one I got has a small sand hole, I don’t know if it’s because of my bad character?
I'm too lazy to go back and forth to exchange the goods, so I'll just put up with it.
Overall, it’s worth four stars.
ForRoyal is popular all over the world Camera Strap DSLR Strap
The design of this strap is quite scientific, it hangs on both shoulders, it is practical, and the camera is fixed and protected in front of the chest with soft material, unlike other quick-drawers who fix the bottom of the camera with screws, and it is also very convenient to take off the camera.
Garbage after-sales service
I bought a guitar a month and a half ago, and it was missing a part. After I notified Amazon, they gave me an after-sales service phone number. After several communications, I still haven't received the part. What kind of efficiency is this?
It is estimated that after-sales service will be more troublesome, so friends who expect good after-sales service should go around, it is too troublesome!
There are minor flaws, but the sound quality is good.
The head of the guitar is defective, it lacks a corner, it feels like a second-hand product, and there are no gifts, but the price is not bad, and the sound of the guitar is good.
It's okay, the first bill.
I’ve been using it for a long time, and it’s not bad overall, except for the low notes not coming out.
The workmanship is not as perfect as imagined.
The first time I bought it, there was a problem with the item, all the lights were flashing and it was unusable.
I asked for an exchange, but the product has been in Shanghai for three days and they still haven’t sent it.
They didn't even answer the phone when we called to ask about delivery.
The courier company said that they only had that contact information.
Amazon can't find the place to complain.
There was no request, and the delivery was delayed for no reason. I received a message saying that the delivery was delayed according to my request.
Then they talked about the issue of transit.
Anyway, the terrible shopping experience made me start to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics and control systems.
It is estimated that I won't get it today either.
The label is too sticky and not waterproof.
Although the Bluetooth connection is very convenient, the printed content is not waterproof and the surface is not coated; the label is also not very sticky, and it is not suitable for cable labels at all, it is very easy to fall off, so friends who buy it to organize cables need to pay attention to this.
The pen is okay, but the package is too shabby, just a cardboard box with no protection measures, and the box containing the pen is glued with a large piece of transparent tape, which tears off the tape on the box.
It’s such a disappointing shopping experience to treat a 600 yuan item like this.
The pen is fine.
I hope there will be more improvements in the packaging in the future!
The quality is not worth mentioning, and if we talk about calligraphy, it is not as good as 925-25.
First, let me praise TNT, the delivery was super fast and the service attitude was great!
I have been using the 925-25 and it is great. I just received the 925-85 and the quality of the pen is amazing, the design is also very beautiful. The reason I gave it four stars is because the pen is a bit heavy and not suitable for fast writing, the pen cap wobbles when adjusting the length of the lead, and in my opinion, the 925-25 is more comfortable to use than the 925-85.
So I became an Amazon loyalist.
I bought it at a super discounted price, but my child doesn't like the reading pen.
I opened it and tried to apply for a refund, but they even came to pick it up for free.
It's so cool.
We do not encourage returns, but this service is unique in China.
I hope it won't be abused.
I have moved my base of operations here and will buy books from here in the future.
The headphones have poor sound quality and there is background noise.
These headphones are really garbage, I don’t know if it’s my ears that are the problem or if the headphones really aren’t as good as they used to be.
I bought a blue one two years ago from a certain online store, and the sound quality was not bad, there was no noise, and the bass was good. I used it for more than two years and it broke down, so I plan to buy another one (urbeats), after all, it felt pretty good.
I also saw a purple one that looked pretty good, but when I opened it today, I felt that it was not right, with some sounds too loud and others too soft.
At first, I didn't think much about it because I thought it was just the sound effect of the song. But after listening to it for half an hour, I realized that the problem was serious. It wasn't just the distorted sound, the bass effect was not as good as before, and there was some noise. Is it only the purple one I bought that has this problem, or is it because the manufacturing process of the earphones is not good now?
A pretty bad review, very disappointing.
You must return the item during the day tomorrow.
The PS looks good.
This AV amplifier is complicated to set up, has rough workmanship, and generates a lot of heat.
The sound will be reviewed after a period of use!
I just got the German version of DN1080 on August 14. At first glance, the workmanship is good or bad.
1. The front panel and the rotary knobs are made of plastic.
2. The rear panel audio input jack and speaker output terminals are both so bad. You can find a CD amplifier and speaker system for 1000-2000 that is much better than this one.
3. The cover is thinner, and my transformer is sunken on one side. I had to open the box and use my hands to restore the cover and front panel, which were loose.
4. The center of gravity of the whole machine is biased towards the transformer end, and it is very awkward to move.
It feels like a Sony entry-level machine, with that kind of workmanship, made in Malaysia.
I feel that Sony is better than Xiaomi when it comes to outsourcing production in China.
5. The machine gets very hot. When watching a movie, the top cover gets about 40-50℃ after two hours, I don’t know if it’s because the transformer is too big and generates too much heat.
Nowadays, we use switch power supplies more often, and this big transformer is estimated to weigh 4 kg.
Sony should have used a silent fan with active cooling inside the machine, but when I opened the box, all I saw was a large aluminum plate heat sink on the pipes.
Xiaogui
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise integrating R&D design, processing and production, and marketing and trade. It mainly produces men's outdoor casual clothing and is a young enterprise that is developing rapidly.
FANDUN JEEP clothing focuses on the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, and introduces international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology to build a first-class clothing production line in China.
Pursue excellence in production and services, quality and brand, benefits and public welfare.
In terms of information construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, strengthening and improving the comprehensive management capabilities of enterprises, and overall improving the modern management level of enterprises.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of “honesty, harmony, quality, excellence”, and its products are well received by many customers in the domestic market.
Vanguard Jeep clothing, because it is young, so it is confident!
We sincerely welcome customers from home and abroad to come and cooperate with us, and create a brilliant future together!
Enterprise spirit: proactive and progressive, service principle: customer first, sincere dedication, enterprise mission: lead the trend, establish a brand.
I have never opened it.
The battery is in use.
I really want to dissect it to see what's inside its belly.
Later, I thought, what if I was disappointed after opening it? It would be too unfair to spend so much money; what if I was satisfied after opening it? It would be difficult to put it back together and I wouldn't enjoy using it.
Never mind, let's assume that Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed description of the electricity, ordinary people will feel confused.
I’m fine, I’ve worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time, and apart from not knowing anything about circuits, I’m also half a battery engineer, so I can handle it.
Overjoyed.
I really had no idea before buying it, but I felt it was genuine as soon as I opened the package!
Finally, when I touched the earphone wire, I felt it was very flexible and of good quality, and I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and open QQ Music.
I was amazed, the sound quality was actually surround 3D!
I asked in a physical communication store and it was around 30, but it was not a Pinsung brand, it was a generic brand, so I would say that this Pinsung product, although it costs 27, is absolutely worth having!
The worst online shopping experience
After placing the order on September 28, the system showed that the order had been shipped, but I still haven’t received the package as of October 12.
I checked the status of my Amazon order, but the seller didn't provide a tracking number, so I couldn't find out where the order was.
So I sent an email to the seller asking if they could provide the tracking number, but there was no response after two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service, who gave me the seller's phone number. I called the seller and after a few calls, the phone was answered. I was told that the package had been lost and that I could immediately order a new one.
Although I was very angry, because the computer was urgently needed, I didn't say much to the seller, and just asked them to send it to me immediately.
As a result, the next day I called to ask if the goods had been shipped.
The seller said it hasn't been sent yet, it will be sent in the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon to ask, and the seller said it would definitely be sent, and it would be sent after 5 or 6 p.m. In the afternoon, but when I called at 7 p.m. That night, no one answered the phone.
On the third day in the morning, I called again and asked if the goods had been shipped.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it hasn't been sent, and told me to order it from someone else if I was in a hurry, or it would be sent in the afternoon if I could wait.
There is no other way, I have to wait for a long time to order from other places.
I can only ask the seller to hurry up and ship it.
After countless phone calls, I finally received the computer on October 16.
I don't know how good the computer is because I bought it for someone else, and I'll add a comment later.
I bought it half a year ago and used it only a few times. Now it has become contaminated. Can it be repaired?
Because I have a desktop computer, I haven't used it much since I bought it.
I just bring it with me in my suitcase when I go on a business trip.
It was recently found that when the power is turned on, the battery does not charge, and it needs to be charged by gently pushing the connector of the charger and the cable with your hand.
I suspect that the interface is not in good contact, and I don’t know if it can be repaired now?
Strongly recommend that Amazon stop using EMS!
Five stars for the product, one star for logistics, and an average of three stars.
I don’t understand why Amazon would send it via EMS, which is not reliable according to industry standards. Well, a computer is a valuable item after all!
The order after purchase showed that it would be delivered on the 20th, so my family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send something from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
The package arrived in Fuzhou in the morning on the 22nd, I was ready to receive it happily, but in the end, I didn't receive any phone call or text message, and when I checked the package, it was signed for at noon, and it even showed that I had signed for it myself!
I was shocked instantly!
Who am I? Where am I? Is this computer really mine?
I’m starting to doubt if life is good!
Finally, I went to the collection point to pick up the computer and brought it back.
The specific reason is simple: the delivery person got the two order numbers mixed up. Fortunately, the package was not lost.
I strongly recommend that Amazon stop using EMS. If Amazon uses EMS to send parcels in the future, I definitely won’t buy from them again.
The goods are not bad.
First of all, I bought it a few days ago and found that the price has dropped. It's not bad, the price-performance ratio is good, the CPU and graphics card are enough to handle mainstream online games and a considerable number of large single-player games, the heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a bit too bright (a common problem with IPS screens), the sound quality is not very good, the hard drive is not good (I recommend spending some money to add a solid-state drive), yesterday I took it to the after-sales service center for hardware testing, there were no problems, the pre-installed Windows 8.1 is not very good to use, I recommend upgrading to 10, the seller shipped the product very quickly, and all inquiries were answered quickly, the invoice arrived the day after I received the computer, it's good, too bad there were no gifts.
(By the way, when buying keyboard skins, don't buy from a store called E-cool Digital Center on Taobao. The delivery is slow, the quality is poor, products with problems cannot be returned or exchanged, and the boss is full of dirty words. Let's expose it)
The food is good, but the platform bureaucracy is still there.
The hard drive is of very good quality, the price-performance ratio is excellent, it is cheaper than buying in Hong Kong, and I would definitely recommend buying it if you are not in a hurry to use it and can tolerate the shipping.
But I have to say that the Amazon platform is still bureaucratic, and there has been no improvement since the time when I swore I would never use it. You can never check the actual logistics status, the information is always delivered a few weeks later, and you can never make a complaint, it’s just so bureaucratic!
The goods have been received for several days, but the logistics information still says that you will receive the goods in 10 days!
Logistics is not convenient.
The delivery was in this state, not only was the packaging crushed, but the electrical appliance packaging was also open, and I don’t know if it was tampered with.
FYI
I haven’t tried it yet, but I always trust Philips, and I hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
I checked online and it seems to be a common problem with water ingress, and there is no warranty.
Frustrating!
Now wrap it in plastic wrap and continue to use it, I don’t know how long it will last.
Bought something that someone else had opened.
The tax of more than one hundred for more than three hundred machines is indeed quite high, and now that it’s more than six hundred, I feel more at ease.
When I received it, the sealing tape looked like it had been opened before, so I quickly took a photo of it. Sure enough, it tore open easily when I opened it. The cardboard inside was damaged. I was worried that someone else had returned it. I quickly tried it out on my husband before the anniversary, but the machine didn't work at all. Fortunately, there was no mess inside the blade. How could someone return it from so far away!
Whether it is good to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term is not yet known. As the previous reviews have said, the things sent out when there is a shortage are not reliable!
Above average in terms of experience
It’s almost top-of-the-line, with many different cleaning modes, but few people will switch between modes every day.
I used it for half a year without any problems, I brushed my teeth every day, and I flossed once a week for more than a week.
The brush head accessories are just as cheap on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use, except for changing the color, are the other compatibility issues caused by the overseas version?
I hope to learn Falun Gong.
The cost-performance ratio is very high.
I have used it 3-4 times already.
1. The package is intact.
2, it is very easy to use and clean.
3. You can DIY your haircut, which saves money.
Overall, a very successful purchase.
There are fake products.
I bought two packs last time, and they were actually two different versions. The letters in the lower left corner of the packaging were green, but one of the packs had white letters, and the cat got diarrhea after eating it.
I am not sure whether the source of Amazon’s products is fake or whether the products were misplaced by the employees during delivery.
I will buy it again, and if it is still fake, I will hold you and your colleagues responsible.
It is a slash!
The Amazon picture has a slash, but the one they sent me has a hyphen. Isn’t this a scam?
The effect is okay.
The cat likes to eat, that's the main thing.
It really works.
Tight, narrow, clamp feet, grind heel back.
Not recommended.
1. UN is the most comfortable series of clarks, but this one is too bad.
Additional: Today I compared the previous UN series insoles (I kept the insoles and threw away the shoes), the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, the breathability is not as good as before, it's just soft and fake.
2. My heel is not high, and the part that is rubbed is about 3 cm forward from the highest point of my heel.
3. I bought three pairs of Clarks overseas, but only one pair fits.
I was so scared that I deleted all my collections.
Go back to rockport, if it doesn't work, you can only go to the Ecco physical store.
The quality is poor because of the use of inferior materials.
First of all, it is worth mentioning that Prime overseas shopping is very efficient, and I received the package on June 6th after placing the order on the 31st.
The color of the shoes is much better than the picture, and the leather feels good.
The shoe size is slightly larger, 25cm long and 10.5cm wide, size 7.5W, it fits a little loose, but I usually like to wear shoes that are a little loose, and the insoles are just right.
Secondly, the quality control of this shoe is really not up to par. One shoe has a damaged sole, the other has various scratches and a needle hole, the shoe sole and upper are misaligned, and it is obvious that it is a fake!
I regret it a bit!
I bought it for 280 yuan during the promotion, which is quite reasonable for Arthurs, and there are even lower prices if you read the comments.
Now let's talk about the shoes. The advantages are: the shoes are light, comfortable to run in, and fit well, without being too loose.
It looks good but has obvious flaws: I usually wear size 40 shoes, but this time I bought size 40.5, and there is about one thumb's length of space in front of the shoes, but this doesn't affect anything.
The shoes are “narrow”, although there is still some space in front, but it feels tight.
Another thing is that the shoes may not be breathable, and my feet feel hot now.
Press the back of the foot
First of all, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are standard size, running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, I have bought several pairs of Alibaba's Ailipu, but I have never had any problems with them. However, I bought this pair based on the reviews, and it was one size larger (uk7), and when I put it on, it was obviously too long because it was one size larger. But because the insole was too thick, it still put a lot of pressure on the back of my feet. Plus, the hiking shoes were very hard, which made it very uncomfortable to wear.
If your feet are not particularly thin, I do not recommend buying this one.
If you really have to buy it, you can replace the insole, but the original insole looks very high-end, and it’s a pity to throw it away.
A perfect shopping experience!
I am very satisfied and very happy. There is no doubt that the products from Amazon Global are authentic and of good quality. They are also affordable. I feel at ease buying from them. The after-sales service is very thoughtful, and the customer service staff are very friendly and approachable. They handle problems patiently and efficiently, and they have perfectly solved my concerns. The delivery service is very convenient and reliable, and the delivery person is very considerate of the customers, reminding them to pick up the package from the delivery box on time. Thank you, Amazon, for providing such a comfortable shopping experience for customers.
In short, we all love shopping on Amazon overseas!
Absolutely terrible review!
I am really speechless about this agency and Amazon.
In the future, you should be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon.
Although it happened a long time ago, I still have to vent my frustration.
I bought it in winter, it was less than 200, and it has been unused at home for several months.
When I needed to use it in the spring, I found that it couldn't connect with the smart bracelet, and both devices' manuals said they supported each other. Later, I found that it was a problem with the heart rate monitor, because I couldn't connect it with other devices.
I called Amazon and they told me to contact the agent company, which told me to send the equipment to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After almost half a month, the package was sent back to me in its original condition, even the delivery box was the one I used when I sent it!
No reply, no acknowledgement, no test report!
You could at least tell me whether it’s good or bad!
I called to ask, and they said that it was okay to send it back like this, indicating that the equipment was fine.
But I still couldn't connect, and the agency replied: that's not their problem.
I'm unlucky, I don't want to be bothered by you guys for a 200 yuan item.
It is a serious mismatch.
It's not a good fit.
The material of the headband is very good.
Much better than Nike.
It is also breathable.
Just that hat in front.
Very fine.
Are you here to make fun of me?!
It can't completely block the sunlight.
I didn't return it because the headband function is good.
Although it can't block the sun, it can be worn upwards.
But it is different from other headbands.
Keep it for use.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks contractual spirit, and the delivery person is very good.
I request delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's regulations do not allow for delivery on Saturdays and Sundays.
I had to drive 200 kilometers from a distant place to come back and pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you more?
The delivery person was very active and enthusiastic.
Give me a like!
The product is simple to use and not bad.
But I have never bought similar products before, so I can’t compare prices!
Size and logistics
The workmanship is good, but the logistics are too slow. The shoes I bought before were all delivered by DHL. This time, Apex is really... I have bought a lot of UA products in China, and the prices are not low. I feel that they are of a higher level than NIKE and ADIDAS?
They are all the same, so I just buy them online.
Size: I am 176 cm tall and weigh 68 kg. My shoulders are usually 180 cm wide, so I bought an M. The bottom of the dress is slightly longer, but it fits me well. I see that some people recommend the S size. Is your body that slender? Or do you prefer tight-fitting clothes? I think a loose-fitting dress would be better.
Just the right size.
Chest size 99, height 184, weight 84 kg, I consulted customer service before purchasing and was told to buy XXL, then I read the reviews and decided to buy L, and when I received it, I found that the size was just right, I almost got scammed.
The prices of Double Eleven are much higher than those of Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The problem of cheap goods is very troublesome!
The order under No. 18 was received on the 25th, the speed of snail from Guangzhou to Beijing!
I bought a Z bargain product, and the description said there were scratches, but when I received the product, I found that there were 4 screws and nuts missing!
The child did not want to return the product, thinking that the problem was not big, but the accessories, such small parts, the child's grandfather ran to several hardware stores nearby but could not find them!
Finally, Grandpa put it on!
It seems that I can't buy Z's affordable products anymore!
The quality of toy processing is not good
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, it is very difficult to put the bolts on, which shows that the processing quality is not good. I don't know how long it will last, but since it was a promise to my child, I won't return it.
In other reviews, it was said that the installation was easy, so is there a problem only with the one I bought?
Very ordinary.
Is it just bad luck?
The packaging is too old; the workmanship is very ordinary; the music is only one kind and only 8 seconds long, and then it repeats; the action is just shaking your head and walking forward on your own, without any changes.
It's not worth the price.
If it is urgent, then there is no need to return it.
The toys are of good quality, but I have a complaint about the packaging.
I received the package yesterday, which I bought from Amazon and was marked as EMS delivery. Finally, it was delivered by Tmall’s courier. How many hands did it go through? Are Amazon and Tmall still on good terms?
Let me talk about the packaging again. It was wrapped in several layers of plastic wrap, and there wasn't even a plastic bubble wrap inside. When I opened it, all the parts were in an empty box. Fortunately, the toy was of good quality and there were no broken parts. However, it was much bigger than I had imagined, because it didn't come with batteries, and it often derailed when pushed by hand, because the gap on both sides of the track was too big, and the design was unreasonable.
Good quality, fun to play with
It's fun, the components are very precise, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is almost as good as Lego, and the price is very reasonable for activities.
The process of assembling it is quite interesting, I assemble it and my 5-year-old son plays with it, which is great.
He was laughing and having fun~ I will probably continue to buy toys from this brand in the future.
The machine is new and I bought it online.
I checked the Christmas items, the ones I bought before were 150 yuan more expensive, but the delivery is a bit slow now.
The machine is still good, it's all new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then you will get a fantasy if you connect the fairy ball.
It's not bad to play with, better than PS4, and more portable.
I have already bought Zelda, I am waiting for the game, I will try again.
They produced and sold bad products, and the result was bad service. A customer who bought six watches to give to his child found that one of them had a faulty display, and the time on all six watches was inconsistent, differing by as much as 13 hours.
I contacted the manufacturer to ask if the watch had been checked in when it was put into storage. They replied that it had. If it had, then why is there such a big difference in the time? That must mean that the watch is not accurate, in other words, it is a fake, not a difficult thing to say. Look, it is a clear quality problem (the numbers are not complete) and they are still selling it, isn't it a piece of junk?
I contacted the seller, who gave me a lot of excuses and complained that I shouldn't have bought their products in the first place. Such products, such sellers, such after-sales service, who would dare to buy things on Amazon in the future?
In short, I recommend not buying anything from this seller, and if you do, it will be junk.
Amazon delivery problem
After receiving the goods, we found:
1, the package is severely damaged.
2, the table specification sheet has serious use folds.
3. The clock does not work, the desk lamp cannot be charged, and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and only ship to the United States at your own expense, and then reimburse the postage.
5, 2 points are because the customer service is not bad.
I can only say it's still okay.
The time is not very accurate, it is about one second faster every day, and it has already been more than two minutes faster after only a few months.
I used to use a Seiko watch, and it didn’t lose even a few seconds in a year or two.
The perpetual calendar function is not bad, but the timer function is useless, and I accidentally enter the timer mode from time to time.
Solar-powered sports watch
Advantages: solar charging, no need to worry about replacing the battery, world time, multiple alarms and reminders at the top of the hour.
Cons: The mirror is easily scratched and gets dusty.
Price-performance ratio: the price in China is generally between 220-300, and it costs more than 180 when purchased overseas (takes about 1 week).
Very satisfied with the watch.
It must be genuine, I checked it at the specialty store. The watch looks beautiful, the workmanship is exquisite, the materials are sufficient, and it has an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight, it is not comparable to those three or four hundred so-called mechanical watches, this one is genuine.
The watch is very accurate, the error is completely within the acceptable range. There is a jewelry appraisal certificate in the watch's packaging, and the 12 letters on the watch face are real diamonds. It is very suitable for me to wear it myself, and it is also a very good gift to give.
The Patek Philippe watch is really nice.
The worst shopping experience ever.
On the evening of September 23, my wife's phone fell and broke. I immediately ordered an 8p from Amazon. There was stock, but it was not self-operated and there was no surcharge (I was secretly happy). Because it was not self-operated, the delivery was slow, and the system showed that the estimated delivery date was September 27 at the latest.
My wife was suffering because she didn't have a phone, so she called me at 6 am the next day to think of a solution. Later, I found that there was stock of 256G on JD.com and it could be delivered the same day, so I immediately ordered another one.
I bought a new one and immediately thought of canceling the Amazon order.
Since the order was placed at midnight, it was impossible to receive the package in the early morning. I called the customer service at around 7:00 to cancel the order, and the customer service replied that it had been canceled and to wait for a text message.
Okay, I waited patiently, checked my phone at noon, and found that the order was still in the status of not shipped, so I immediately contacted customer service to ask them to cancel the order as soon as possible, and the customer service replied that the operation was OK.
At 3 pm, I checked my phone and found that the order was still there. I had no choice but to contact customer service again to make it clear that I had called for the third time, and to ask them to cancel the order and inform the seller not to ship the goods!
The customer service contacted the seller on the spot at my request and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system and that I should wait until the seller was familiar with the system before canceling the order.
But I was told clearly that the seller already knew about it, so please rest assured that the goods will not be shipped.
When I checked the order on Monday, I was surprised to see that it had already been shipped. I was speechless.
Since I couldn't contact the seller directly, I had to call customer service again.
The subsequent processing was simply speechless, basically I said one step and the customer service representative continued to operate.
The order is still in the status of refusal to accept delivery, and we are preparing to deliver it again!
Will Amazon not follow up on this?
The seller company has already received the money, so it doesn’t matter if they don’t follow up.
I will never prepay for large items in the future, this is too troublesome.
It looks beautiful.
I have been interested in this camera for a long time, but I didn't buy it because of some other reasons besides the price. This time, because it was free shipping, the price was acceptable, so I bought it.
After buying it, there were no problems with anything else, but I couldn't connect to the software. I have a TP router at home. After searching online, I found that many people had the same problem. I spent more than two hours changing the router settings, and finally I used 360 WIFI as a mediator to fix it. During this time, I called Xiaomi customer service, but they didn't have any solutions to the problem, and they directly told me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another thing worth noting is that I saw comments from users online saying that the camera supports a minimum of 8G memory card, and it cannot recognize cards with smaller storage capacity, so please pay attention to this.
It feels okay to use, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor, the machine gets hot to a certain degree, and if it is left on, the degree of heat feels a bit unacceptable.
As mentioned above, this product has many shortcomings, so please be careful when buying it.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it with my first love, we dated for almost 3 years, and then she left me last year, and still has not come back.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it with my first love, and now I don't know how much use it will be, maybe I'll just throw it away!
We had been together for almost three years, and then she left me last year. Even now, when I think of her, I feel so heartbroken that I want to leave this world. The first woman in my life has brought me a lifetime of shadows and pain, and I still haven't been able to get over it.
When I bought this phone, I thought about the two feelings I had at the time, and how we were able to share the same hardships. But now, I regret it. Maybe life is like that. Some people never want to encounter certain things, and some things they never want to know about. But what can we do?
Every time I see a Samsung phone, I think of her, and the pain comes rushing back, filling my whole body. I have never been able to afford a phone that costs more than 2,000 yuan, but I didn't hesitate to buy one for her. No matter how good a person is, one day she may change her mind, and all the promises and vows are gone.
Fine products from domestic brands
Huawei is a gem among Chinese products.
The low-key boss and company rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business atmosphere of relying on advertising to increase brand awareness!
Companies without strength can never do this, nor dare to do so!
That is why I chose Huawei.
I’ve been using it for more than half a year, and I feel it’s always good, very good.
I didn't give it a full score because there was one time when I used its offline navigation and it didn't locate me, and I couldn't figure out why; otherwise, it worked fine.
Moreover, it can input the destination online, search and automatically design the route, and its offline navigation function is very useful when you leave the wifi, you don't need to use data, it directly communicates with the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation, it's great!
Sony's law is good.
This low-end Sony phone has a great design, is affordable, has a large screen, and has excellent battery life, making it suitable for the elderly.
Although it has been a long time, this machine is still in good condition.
However, because my Z2 was downgraded, this phone has also fulfilled its mission.
