Diego Cocca becomes the new national coach of Mexico
In the summer of 2026, Mexico, together with the USA and Canada, will host the World Cup with 48 teams for the first time. Cocca succeeds Gerardo Martino, whose contract was not extended after the early World Cup exit in Qatar. The 50-year-old was not one of the favorites for the position until a few days ago. He only took over as coach of the Mexican club Tigres in November. His surprising appointment as national coach sparked anger in the club.
Geesthacht: New bed signs are intended to encourage replanting
Franko Stein (FD Environment, left) and Friedhelm Ringe (Nabu) set up the plant signs in the beds of the pedestrian zone.
The “Geesthacht is blooming” campaign also includes information about what is currently blooming there - currently in the colors white and pink.
Geesthacht. “Geesthacht is blooming” is a campaign by Nabu in cooperation with the city administration. With the help of many volunteers from clubs, schools, daycare centers, companies and institutions, thousands of flower bulbs and plants have been planted in the ground since 2015. Goal: In the Geesthacht urban area, flowering islands are to be created over large areas where insects can find food at all times. “When the weather is good, the bees fly out in January to look for food,” says Friedhelm Ringe from Geesthachter Nabu. He has his own beehives on the property.
To ensure that the undertaking does not remain just an action by conservationists and the city's environmental department, but also extends widely into private gardens, explanatory boards are constantly being placed about the plants. There are around 50 signs so far. In this way, passers-by can find out what is blooming so beautifully here. The hope is that hobby gardeners will replant specifically at home.
The wild hazel season started in the first week of January
More recent shrubs such as winter honeysuckle and winter viburnum are in the beds of the pedestrian zone. They have been in the soil of the pots on Bergedorer Strasse for a year now, with no leaves showing the first delicate flowers in white and pink and have recently been given additional signs. “The winter honeysuckle is a very broad-bushy shrub and can grow between two meters high and three meters wide,” it says there, with further information about the suitable location.
Friedhelm Ringe emphasizes that it's not just the bedding plants that are now showing flowers. The wild hazel season started in the first week of January. It blooms particularly profusely on the Richtweg on the slope, in Gutenbergstrasse, Wilhelm-Holert-Strasse, Fahrendofer Weg and many Knicks.
Ernestine is 102 years old: “Stepping keeps me young”
Munich - Dance god Fred Astaire would certainly be proud of you if he looked down from heaven at Munich's Ostbahnhof!
Every Monday, at 3 p.m. sharp, three ladies meet in the "Mandolin Motion Show Academy" for a lively tap dance - together they are an incredible 277 years old, sorry, young!
The oldest of them is Ernestine S Tauchner, who recently celebrated her 102nd birthday.
For the Munich native (January 15, 1921) from Schwanthaler Höh, Monday is THE highlight of the week. "Dancing and tap dancing is my life, I can't imagine myself without it."
Eva-Maria Stolze (almost 97) and Elfriede Widmann (79) also shake their dance legs with Ernestine.
The 97-year-old was rescued in Jena (Thuringia) in 1926. She was a soubrette, today we would say a musical actress, and worked with the legendary Marika Rökk. “I spent my life dancing, acting and singing.”
At 79 years old, Elfriede Widmann is something of a chick in the group of tap dancers. She says: "We're just having fun here with our dance teacher Sissy Engl."
Wikipedia: Tap dancing was developed in the USA in the 19th century and is now known all over the world. With two metal plates, which are more durable than the wooden soles initially used, attached to the front and back of the shoes, rhythmic sounds are created while dancing that match the visual impression and the music. The dancer also becomes a percussion musician. The English term for this is onomatopoeic tap dance and the French term is claquettes. Spanish flamenco may have influenced tap dancing. The tips of the shoes are nailed so that they produce an easily audible sound when dancing.
77-year-old Sissi Engl is the good soul of the dance studio at Ostbahnhof. She is an actress, dancer and choreographer. “We are a big family, big and small, old and young are welcome here.”
And what is the recipe for such a long life? “The movement keeps me young,” says the 102-year-old to BILD. Her advice to everyone: “Exercise, eat healthy and don’t drink alcohol.”
Analogue in dialogue - the limits of the digital
As digitalization progresses, some people's desire for analogue is growing again
The speed with which our everyday lives became digital left us hardly any time to set up rules for dealing with it and adapt our communication and working methods accordingly, says DNN columnist Claudia Muntschick.
Dresden. If you wanted to make a telephone conversation in Bautzen in 1985, there were three options. Either you were one of the six percent of lucky people who had a private connection. Or you were one of those who had someone from this exclusive group in the neighborhood and could call relatives there for a bottle of Radeberger. Or you went to a telephone booth. The smell of the plastic phone and the click of the change coins in the machine will never be forgotten. My biggest dream was to be able to see the other person's face when calling - video telephony, I thought, what a great thing that would be!
What next in Moldova? 14 days for a new government
In Moldova (also: Moldova), President Maia Sandu has commissioned former Interior Minister Dorin Recean to form a government.
The 48-year-old economic expert now has 14 days to do this. Until now, Recean was one of the president's advisors.
After only a year and a half in office, Prime Minister Natalia Gavrilita unexpectedly resigned. The pro-European head of government was under massive pressure, as she herself announced as an explanation for her resignation - apparently she was hostile to pro-Russian forces.
The president thanked Gavrilita for her "enormous sacrifices."
Moldova is Ukraine's neighbor and is suffering from the economic consequences of the war. Inflation is over 40 percent and the small republic has taken in tens of thousands of refugees from Ukraine.
In the parliament in Chisinau, the pro-European party PAS (Party of Action and Solidarity), founded by President Sandu, has a comfortable majority, occupying 63 of 101 seats. The confirmation of the new head of government and his cabinet should therefore not be a problem.
However, pro-European politicians have lost popularity in Moldova in recent months, while pro-Russian ones - with support from the Kremlin - have become more popular.
These were the celebrities' costumes
In 2023 there will be a big celebration again in Veitshöchheim. The 5th season is in full swing and the celebrities didn't take long to be asked.
State father Markus Söder did not go as Moses, as his costume suggests. He sees himself more as a Bavarian elder. At his side is his wife Karin Baumüller-Söder.
Bavaria's Environment and Consumer Protection Minister, Thorsten Glauber, chose the children's hero Chase from the Paw Patrol for his costume.
Justice Minister Georg Eisenreich and his wife Anja came from the depths of the sea to Franconia.
Completely aloof: Minister for Science and Art, Markus Blume, is drawn to space.
State Parliament President Ilse Aigner chose none other than “Mama Bavaria” as a model for her costume.
In peace and love mode: Bavaria's Health Minister Klaus Holetschek and his wife Birgit.
Bob the Builder aka Construction Minister Christian Bernreiter with his wife Ann-Kathrin Jandt-Bernreiter as Wendy.
Bavaria's golden boy: Finance Minister Albert Füracker with his wife Evelyne. She wore silver.
He even plays the sheriff in carnival: Bavaria's Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann. At his side is his wife Gerswid.
On the roll: Economics Minister Hubert Aiwanger pays homage to craftsmanship with his costume. His partner Tanja Schweiger, district administrator of the Regensburg district, does the same.
Of course, the political opposition could not be missing either.
Everything for Bavaria: Green Party leader Katharina Schulze as Bavaria and her co-leader Ludwig Hartmann as the Bavarian Lion.
Hiking is what the SPD parliamentary group leader enjoys: Florian von Brunn with SPD state chairman Ronja Endres.
It was royal with FDP parliamentary group leader Martin Hagen. He and his wife Anisha arrived as Harry and Meghan.
Otherwise he will definitely speak more. In Veitshöchheim, the group leader in the EU Parliament, Manfred Weber, was performing as a pantomime performer. At his side is his wife Andrea.
If politics no longer works, he can at least do magic. Nuremberg's Mayor Marcus König as Harry Potter and his wife Anke as Hermione.
Fast as a bee: Bavaria's Digital Minister Judith Gerlach.
Back to the 1920s: the BR's legal director, Eva Majuntke, BR director Katja Wildermuth and BR culture program director Björn Wilhelm.
A small swipe at the climate activists from the Franconian crime scene detective Sebastian Fleischer played by Alexander Leopold Schadt.
Of course, the First Mayor of Veitshöchheim couldn't be missed either. Jürgen Götz and his wife Julia.
Oberhof: Kühn eighth in the World Cup sprint
Bö continued his impressive series despite difficult conditions and also won the sixth sprint race of the season. The five-time Olympic champion has now collected 14 world titles and is closing in on his compatriot Ole Einar Björndalen. The biathlon icon, who is on site as a TV expert, is still the undisputed record champion with 20 World Cup gold medals. Even heavy fog at times didn't stop long-time winner Bö from collecting his second gold on the Rennsteig. On Wednesday, Norway's mixed relay team successfully defended their title.
Hardly anyone doubts that number three will follow in the hunting race. In the pursuit, Bö is once again the clear favorite. His running form is outstanding, making it shockingly easy for him to compensate for shooting errors to a certain extent.
Meanwhile, nothing was going well for Doll again. After the veteran missed all chances of a medal with a penalty in the mixed relay at the start and only achieved sixth place, things didn't go any better three days later. Three penalties in prone and two more standing were a big disappointment for the oldest member of the German team, who celebrated the greatest success of his career in this discipline in 2017.
In Hochfilzen six years ago he surprisingly won by just 0.7 seconds ahead of Bö. It was one of only three career successes for Doll, who has been on the podium once so far this winter. After his poor performance, the Olympic eighth-place finisher in Beijing left without saying a word and initially did not give any interviews. Roman Rees made it to 19th place, the second World Cup debutant David Zobel came 35th.
Biden welcomes Lula: “We have to stand up for democracy”
A meeting between US President Joe Biden and his Brazilian counterpart, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, will primarily focus on the value of democracy. Both look back on their predecessors.
US President Joe Biden insisted on preserving democratic values during a visit to his Brazilian colleague Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
“The strong democracy of our two nations has been tested,” Biden said on Friday at the White House in Washington. “We must continue to stand up for democracy, for the democratic values that are at the core of our strength.” Lula responded, referring to his right-wing predecessor Jair Bolsonaro: “Brazil has isolated itself for four years.”
The left-wing politician Lula prevailed against Bolsonaro in a runoff election at the end of October. Lula took office on January 1st. The change of power was accompanied by serious riots. Bolsonaro's supporters stormed Congress, the Supreme Court and the government headquarters in the capital Brasília in January. The outbreak of violence in Brazil is a dark reminder of the storming of the US Capitol a good two years ago, in which supporters of then-President Donald Trump violently broke into Parliament in Washington.
Lula openly criticized Bolsonaro at the meeting with Biden. His predecessor did not pay much attention to international relations. "His world began and ended with fake news, morning, afternoon and evening," Lula said. "Sounds familiar," Biden replied - an obvious reference to his predecessor Trump.
Short note about the press - Friday
Does anyone remember the RAF wanted posters? You could see the members of the Red Army Faction who had been released for denunciation and shot down.
In a country with a culture of denunciation, which already existed before Corona, public sentiment was created against the most dangerous opponents of the Federal Republic of Germany; let's say bourgeois democracy, let's say late capitalist society. (Nothing here about the really dangerous people in pinstripe suits and ties.)
Now the Stuttgarter Zeitung, which usually goes after hooligans on the S-Bahn or onanists in the park, is releasing a new edition with the "war criminal" Putin's friends. Because they are so beautiful, there is a picture gallery. Of course the StZ is poorly informed, because in this world that includes Asia, Africa and Latin America there are perhaps more "Russian friends" than the StZ has room for pictures.
But that's not the point, it's: Ms. Wagenknecht is in place 1 to 5 (!), followed by Ms. Schwarzer.
Well, I don't know anyone in my area who reads this paper anymore. If so, now would be high time. We have reached the known level where nothing is below it.
And by now, well dialectically speaking, Ms. Wagenknecht should be the most popular politician of all people who are not yet completely stupid, that is, peace-loving, pacifist and anti-militarist people. (And here no differentiation is necessary anymore.)
Harald Glööckler files for divorce from his husband Dieter Schroth
Designer Harald Glööckler (57) and his husband Dieter Schroth (74) have separated. Glööckler's lawyer Christian-Oliver Moser confirmed this to the "Bild" newspaper and RTL in the same wording. It says: "I can confirm that my client has submitted an application to the responsible court through his family lawyer to annul his civil partnership. I will not comment on the details."
Glööckler and his partner Schroth were together for 35 years, and there had been rumors of separation for about a year. After participating in the jungle camp, the fashion designer is said to have moved from their shared house in the Palatinate to Berlin, according to various media reports. He also spoke about marital problems on the RTL show.
SS massacre in Oradour-sur-Glane: last survivor dead
A memorial center was set up in 1999 in the destroyed village northwest of Limoges, whose ruins remained. French President Emmanuel Macron awarded Hébras the national Order of Merit a year ago. Hébras fought for freedom and defended France's values, said Macron. He also contributed to Franco-German peace. The survivor had, among other things, supported German-French youth exchanges.
One curve for 14 houses: In Homeien everyone knows everyone
LZ series North Lippian hamlets: In Homeien it is not uncommon for three or four generations to live under one roof. Here the residents find pure idyll. In summer, 300 motorcycles a day roar along the winding route between Niedermeien and Hillentrup - and some of them go straight back again.
Deutsche Bank boss Christian Sewing believes further interest rate increases are “absolutely” necessary in the fight against high inflation. “The inflationary risks are still great. Energy costs can easily rise again, and the opening of China can also give prices a temporary boost,” said Sewing to “Welt am Sonntag”.
At the beginning of February, the European Central Bank (ECB) raised interest rates in the euro area for the fifth time in a row and announced a further increase of 0.5 percentage points for the meeting on March 16th. The key interest rate in the euro area is now 3.0 percent. The deposit rate that commercial banks receive when they park money with the ECB is 2.5 percent.
Higher interest rates make loans more expensive. This can slow down demand and thus counteract high inflation rates. At the same time, higher loan interest rates can lead to investments being postponed and thus economic growth being weaker.
Rising interest rates are also a burden for heavily indebted Euro states such as Italy. “The consequences of persistently high inflation are much more serious than the higher financing costs for some countries,” said Sewing. “Of course we have to keep an eye on this, but a high level of debt should not prevent the ECB from acting consistently.”
The ECB is aiming for price stability in the euro area in the medium term with an inflation rate of two percent. This target has been a long way off for months. Although inflation weakened again in January, consumer prices in the currency area of what are now 20 countries were still 8.5 percent higher than in the same month last year.
Higher inflation rates reduce the purchasing power of consumers because they can then afford less for one euro. Sharp increases in energy prices, which are driving inflation significantly, are also a burden for companies.
If inflation remains high, private consumption will "collapse sooner or later," warned Sewing, who is also president of the Federal Association of German Banks (BdB). “I currently see this as the greatest threat to the German economy. But I am optimistic that we can avoid this scenario.”
Bosch boss Stefan Hartung is hoping for a broad debate on the “Germany pace” for infrastructure projects proclaimed by Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD). "There will have to be a political and social dialogue about it. And it will perhaps be a little more controversial," he told the German Press Agency in Stuttgart. He hopes that in the end a set of rules will come out that doesn't necessarily have to be as fast as the LNG terminals that went into operation around the turn of the year - but also not as slow as before.
In mid-December, after ten months of planning and construction, the first German terminal for the import of liquefied natural gas (LNG) was opened. The aim was to close the gap in gas supply to some extent due to the lack of Russian gas deliveries. On the occasion, Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) spoke of a new “Germany pace”. In addition, the federal government recently initiated an acceleration of the approval process for wind turbines and power lines.
"First of all, it is very reassuring that the government acts so quickly when it matters. But that shouldn't automatically mean that from now on we will always act so categorically and, for example, put a wind turbine in the neighbor's garden against his will." said Hartung. There must therefore still be a negotiation process as to what is right and wrong as a society.
In the past, the classic rules were tried and failed. “We should think again about whether the previous approach was correct. Maybe we overdid it with the rules and made things too complicated for ourselves.”
In view of the many open tasks, such as the expansion of power lines, he does not envy the federal government and the companies involved, said Hartung. “As a consumer of this energy, I absolutely need the expansion and it should be as green as possible.”
Union warns against breaking up the Bayer Group
Following an announced change in management at Bayer, the chemical union IG BCE is warning that the company will be broken up. “From the perspective of the employees, Bayer with its three pillars is perfectly positioned to meet the challenges of the future,” said Francesco Grioli, member of the union’s board and Bayer supervisory board member, to the “Rheinische Post” (Saturday edition).
This includes the pharmaceutical business with prescription medications, the consumer health sector with over-the-counter medications and the agricultural business. "The transformation of the industry can only be achieved with a corporate policy that is based on risk diversification and sustainability - and not on hedge fund activism."
The background is the change in boss at the pharmaceutical and agricultural chemicals group announced on Thursday. The controversial boss Werner Baumann will vacate the post this summer. The ex-pharmaceutical boss of Swiss rival Roche, Bill Anderson, is set to take over at the beginning of June.
Baumann has been criticized for a long time. The manager is hanging on to the takeover of the US seed manufacturer Monsanto for $63 billion, which was completed in 2018. With the purchase, the Leverkusen-based company had brought expensive legal disputes into their house over the alleged cancer risks of the weed killer glyphosate. Bayer shares have been in decline for years. In 2019, the shareholders even refused to discharge the CEO at the general meeting.
It has been known for some time that Baumann is not seeking an extension of his contract, which was actually supposed to run until 2024. Long-term strategic investors had put pressure on us. Recently, several activist Anglo-Saxon investors such as Bluebell Capital also got involved. According to a media report, Bluebell is pushing for the group to be split up.
The very small fund with an unknown stake in Bayer is known for its aggressive approach. A spin-off of “the Consumer Health division would be a possible way to increase the company’s value,” said Markus Manns, fund manager at Union Investment, to the “Rheinische Post”. However, he does not believe that a spin-off of the much larger agricultural division Crop Science is feasible.
Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against pension reform
Paris
The French want to take to the streets again on Saturday against the planned pension reform.
The unions are opposing a government plan with concentrated protests on the streets. Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate again against the pension reform on Saturday.
In France, hundreds of thousands of people are again expected across the country on Saturday to demonstrate against President Emmanuel Macron's planned pension reform. For the fourth time, the unions are mobilizing against the centrist government's plans to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64. More than a million people have taken to the streets twice and there have been nationwide strikes. Last Tuesday, 750,000 participants were counted in protests. A turbulent debate has been going on in parliament for a week about the controversial reform.
Many people in France are already working longer than the age of 62 if, by the time they reach retirement age, they have not paid in long enough for a pension without deductions. In many strenuous jobs, people could hardly work longer, say opponents of the reform. In addition, the employees wanted to be able to enjoy their well-deserved pension and not completely wear out their health on the job.
Macron: Impending deficit in pension funds
Macron justifies the reform with an impending deficit in the pension fund. Because the population is getting older, employees would have to use their contributions to support an increasing number of pensioners. In order for the pension level to be kept stable, the population has to work a little more. Critics question the government's calculations and demand that the state must find other sources of money to keep the pension system in balance.
But the government doesn't just want to improve the retirement age. The increase in the required payment period for a full pension, which was decided years ago, is to be accelerated. In addition, individual pension systems with privileges for certain professional groups are to be abolished. The minimum pension should rise to around 1200 euros.
The pension reform is considered one of President Macron's most important projects. During the corona pandemic, a first attempt to implement the reform was aborted; even then there were massive protests and strikes. A number of presidents before Macron tried to reform the French pension system with varying degrees of success - widespread protests and strikes were certain.
Since Macron's camp no longer has an absolute majority in parliament, it hopes to pass the reform with the help of the conservative Républicains, who have announced support. But some MPs - even from Macron's group - still have reservations. And even greater than the fear of a close vote, Macron is currently worried about paralyzing strikes. Before the renewed demonstrations on Saturday, the president said that he could count on the sense of responsibility of the organizers so that they were calm and did not lead to a blockade of the country.
Calm weather expected - lots of sun at high altitudes
A powerful high-pressure area lies over Central Europe and determines the weather in Germany. Does this mean that there will be lots of sunshine everywhere?
Offenbach
Calm high-pressure weather is expected in Germany at least until the middle of the week. “When you look at the weather maps, you immediately notice a powerful high-pressure area directly over Central Europe,” explains meteorologist Markus Böse from the German Weather Service in Offenbach on Saturday. “This high will shift a little to the east over the next week, but it will continue to determine the weather in Germany.”
However, calm high-pressure weather in winter does not necessarily mean sunny weather, says Böse. “Such a high can actually be quite mean and give people in the lowlands a dreary gray fog for days, while in the high areas of the low mountain ranges there is pure sunshine.”
Sunday starts off foggy and cloudy in most regions. According to the DWD, there may still be some rain from the Erzgebirge and the Thuringian Forest to Lower Bavaria. Especially on the edge of the Alps, but also in the southwest and partly in the west, the cloud cover loosens as the day progresses and the sun comes out more and more frequently. In the rest of the country it will remain very cloudy or overcast with heavy fog. Temperatures reach 4 to 9 degrees, around 10 degrees near the Rhine.
“On Monday, the sun, which is gradually getting stronger, will nibble away at the high fog again and can dissipate it more and more as the day progresses,” says the meteorologist. Sun is expected all day on the edge of the Alps, in the high areas of the low mountain ranges and in parts of North Rhine-Westphalia, but elsewhere it will first have to fight its way through the high fog. The maximum values are 5 to 9 degrees, on the Lower Rhine it will be around 11 degrees, while in the permanent gray in the southeast only 3 degrees are expected. In addition, weak winds blow from different directions.
On Tuesday there may only be a slow dissipation of fog or high fog in some lowlands. Otherwise, the weather will be clear once the fog has cleared. According to forecasts, the sun will shine all day in high altitudes, in large parts of North Rhine-Westphalia and on the edge of the Alps. Depending on the sunshine, temperatures climb to 5 to 11 degrees.
Dominator struggles: No World Cup medal for Goggia again
The defeated top favorite Sofia Goggia was very disappointed after her exit from the downhill skiing at the Alpine Ski World Championships.
Meribel
"I'm sad because I didn't perform as well as I can," said the Italian on ZDF after she had scored on a goal and was eliminated. At least the 30-year-old was just able to avoid what could have been a serious fall.
Goggia has been the dominant downhill skier in the World Cup for years. She has won four of the six races of the season so far in this discipline. After gold in Pyeongchang in 2018, she won silver at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing. But Goggia, who is known for her risky driving style, has to wait for a World Cup medal in her flagship discipline. She missed her home game in Cortina d'Ampezzo two years ago due to injury.
"I actually thought I was in a good mood. It was a matter of hundredths of a second," said Goggia after the surprising victory of the Swiss Jasmine Flury in Méribel, France. "I'm disappointed. I gave it my all. But that's life." Sometimes you think things are guaranteed, she said about the medal that all the experts expected and ultimately missed: "But they're not."
Girl missing in Berlin: Who saw Viktoriya?
Viktoriya Stankovych has been missing since February 10th.
Viktoriya Stankovych was last seen on Friday at the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station. The police are appealing for information about their whereabouts.
Berlin. By publishing a photo, the Berlin police are asking the public for help in finding a missing child. 12-year-old Viktoriya Stankovych is said to have left the grounds of her school together with other children towards the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station at around 12.30 p.m. on February 10, 2023. She was last seen there at the S-Bahn station. The child has been in Berlin as a refugee since April 2022 and has very little German language and local knowledge.
Personal description: slim figure
Brown eyes
black, long hair with a ponytail
wearing a long, black jacket; dark trousers; pink ankle boots and colorful striped scarf
carries a backpack
The criminal investigation department at Police Department 1 (North) will receive information on (030) 4664 - 171 100 or any other police station.
Zelensky and minister against Russia's participation in the Olympics
Kyiv. By calling for Russian and Belarusian athletes to be excluded from the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris, sports politicians from 35 nations have increased the pressure on the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The Lithuanian Ministry of Sports announced on its website that it was agreed at a joint telephone conference to draw up a statement to prevent attempts to send athletes from Russia and Belarus back to international sports competitions.
"We demand the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from all international competitions, including the Olympic Games, as long as the war in Ukraine continues," said Minister Jurgita Šiugždinienė.
The video consultation took place at the initiative of Great Britain. It was a very productive meeting, wrote British Sports Minister Lucy Frazer on Twitter. "And I have made Britain's position very clear: as long as Putin continues his barbaric war, Russia and Belarus must not be represented at the Olympics. We will now make a joint statement on this issue."
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyj had previously protested against the participation of athletes from Russia and Belarus in international competitions at an international video conference of sports ministers and other high-ranking representatives. "While Russia kills and terrorizes, representatives of this terrorist state have no place in sports and Olympic competitions," Zelensky said. He published his speech on his Telegram channel. Because of the Russian war of aggression, a neutral flag would ultimately be soaked in blood and not wearable.
Ukraine threatens boycott
Ukraine also sees Belarus as a warring party because the country provides Russian troops with military bases for attacks. Zelenskyj called on officials to work to protect the Olympic principles and prevent Russian athletes from being admitted to the competitions. The president also renewed his criticism of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), which "has unfortunately lost its honesty."
The reason for the conference was the IOC's announcement that it would allow athletes from Russia and Belarus to take part in international competitions under certain conditions. Ukraine is also threatening a boycott if the IOC admits the athletes.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior also takes a position
The Federal Ministry of the Interior, which is responsible for sport, subsequently stated that it had also confirmed during the consultations that it would reject the start of Russian and Belarusian athletes in Paris. "In our view, there is no reason to invite Russian and Belarusian sport to return to competition. The Ukrainian athletes must continue to receive the full solidarity and support of the international sports community. The IOC's effort to readmit the Russian and Belarusian athletes "Athletes are the wrong way," said a spokesman for the Interior Ministry in response to a dpa request.
Interior Minister Nancy Faeser (SPD) had already emphasized at the end of January: "Sport should be clear in its condemnation of the brutal war that Putin is waging against the Ukrainian civilian population. Major sporting events do not take place in a vacuum." Russia, on the other hand, emphasizes that sport and politics must be separated.
Russia and Belarus are currently banned from many international sports competitions. However, the IOC is aiming for athletes from both countries to return to the international sports stage under a neutral flag, provided they clearly commit to the Olympic Charter and do not actively support the war in Ukraine. IOC President Thomas Bach recently declared that exclusion “because of a passport or place of birth” violated the ban on discrimination.
Chalk it up where it happens
"Hey, hot ass!", whistling at the fool in a tight, sexy costume and shouting suggestive sayings: all of this falls under the term "catcalling". The term is nothing less than a form of verbal sexual harassment in public spaces.
Half of the vehicles lost? : USA sees Moscow's tank inventory severely decimated
Half of the vehicles lost? USA sees Moscow's tank inventory severely decimated
The Pentagon believes that Russia has lost a significant number of tanks in Ukraine since the start of the war. We're talking about "half of the main stock".
According to estimates by the US Department of Defense, the Russian army has already lost half of its battle tanks in its war of aggression against Ukraine. "Probably half of the main tank inventory" of the Russian army has been "destroyed or confiscated by Ukraine," said Celeste Wallander, undersecretary for international security affairs at the US Department of Defense.
At an online event hosted by the Center for a New American Security think tank, Wallander did not provide any further information on the number of tanks that the US estimated had been seized and destroyed.
Ukraine is set to receive battle tanks from several Western allies in the coming weeks. Britain has promised Kiev the delivery of Challenger 2 main battle tanks in March. In a coalition with other countries, Germany wants to deliver a battalion of Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine by April. The US has also pledged a battalion of 31 Abrams main battle tanks. However, your delivery will most likely take significantly longer.
Russia wants to step up
In response to Western military aid, former Kremlin chief Dmitry Medvedev promised the construction and modernization of thousands of tanks. "As we know, our enemy has been begging abroad for planes, missiles, tanks," said Medvedev, who is now deputy head of the Russian Security Council, during a visit to a tank factory in the Siberian city of Omsk. "It is clear that in this case it is natural for us to increase the production of various types of weapons and military technology - including modern tanks."
A law has been in force in Russia since last summer that allows the economy to be more closely aligned with the needs of the army. This means that individual sectors can be obliged to supply the armed forces.
Fuss about filling posts in the army
The position that the former director of the Military History Museum (HGM) Christian Ortner will hold in the future was not advertised. The academy's personnel representative Herwig Jedlaucnik suspects postal corruption and abuse of office. Defense Minister Klaudia Tanner (ÖVP) defends the approach.
According to the minister, an advertisement is not necessary because the appointment is made to a previously vacant position. She did not want to comment on “speculations by a liberal personnel representative”. Ortner was replaced last year after 17 years at the helm of the HGM. In addition to criticism of the museum's handling of Austria's military past, he was confronted with serious allegations of bullying. From Tanner's point of view, these have been resolved.
Jedlaucnik also doubts Ortner's suitability for the content. He is an expert on the First World War and the wars of the monarchy, but the institute deals with current issues of security policy.
The SPÖ demands clarification from Tanner about the “unusual ordering process”. The decision has the “appearance of postal fraud,” says SPÖ defense spokesman Robert Laimer. The Neos call on Tanner to withdraw the appointment. The ÖVP is “still up to its neck in a swamp of corruption,” said Douglas Hoyos, spokesman for national defense. He announced a parliamentary question on the subject.
Carnival: First fools fall to their knees because of the costs
Thuringia's carnival stronghold Wasungen, unlike the state capital, wants to stick to the traditional carnival parade. However, the higher costs for security, among other things, are difficult to manage in Wasungen, says carnival president Marcel Kißling. The funds for this alone accounted for around half of the calculated total costs for the move.
There are no carnival parades in Brandenburg. The “Train of Happy People” in Cottbus, once again East Germany’s largest, is taking place for the first time since the pandemic. No parades were canceled during the Swabian-Alemannic carnival either.
Schleswig-Holstein's carnival stronghold Marne is sticking to the traditional parade despite the increased costs. “We are going through with our event,” says the president of the carnival society, Heiko Claußen. But financial concerns are also pressing here: If more sponsors are not found or the current ones don't contribute even more, reserves would have to be tapped - "that doesn't work every year." The current deficit is around 200,000 euros.
And inflation: There is sometimes a price increase of up to 60 percent for confectionery, says Elvira Reuther from the Nuremberg Carnival Procession Support Association. Due to a stroke of luck, too much was ordered in 2020, which is why there is still enough stock this time. However, it is already clear that the move will be more expensive. Twice as many personnel are needed for security as in 2020.
Anyone standing on the side of the road during the Rose Monday procession in the Rhineland could receive fewer camels than before. Because sweets have become more expensive, some train participants don't have as much with them. Camel or not, the number of visitors is likely to be large: "I think that if it doesn't rain heavily that day, then we can definitely expect an increased number of people," says Cologne train conductor Holger Kirsch. “This is due to the fact that there has been no regular Rose Monday procession for two years. Of course, there is no substitute for the procession.”
The festival committee in Cologne does not comment in detail on costs. But the train is generally “deficit”, that’s no secret.
The Ukraine Diary: Dreams and Homemade Vodka
It's not for nothing that Ukrainians are considered hard-drinking. There is local beer like Obolon from Kiev or beer from Lviv. Every now and then I discover German beer here. Not Kulmbacher, but other large breweries like Krombacher or Warsteiner. I can't notice a big difference in the taste. The same applies to vodka, which is widely available. Here they burn it mainly in the villages themselves. They call it Samargon. Nobody knows exactly how much of it is consumed in the former Soviet republics. A few years ago, the health minister in Russia claimed that consumption had fallen by an incredible 80 percent in five years. Well, you can see here too how little you can believe the Russians. They say you should be careful as a tourist. But that only applies if it goes on mass sale. Then there will probably be adulteration.
FC Hansa Rostock rewards itself for a lot of effort: “Match luck is on our side”
Food and Drink
If you want to celebrate the weekend with cocktails or drink a beer at the end of the day, you will find great places to do so in Rostock and Warnemünde. The restaurant scene offers many locations for after-work meetings or the prelude to club parties. Where is it best? A look at the Google reviews shows it.
Biathlon World Cup: Federal President sees favorites win and praises Oberhof
Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his wife Elke Büdenbender are welcomed at the arena by master chimney sweep Tobias Böttger and the Oberhof mascot “Flocke”.
Oberhof. The German biathletes had nothing to do with the awarding of medals at the World Championship sprint in Oberhof. But there were two bright spots in the fog.
No matter how hard the Federal President tried, it was impossible to see from the VIP stand on Saturday whether the targets at the shooting range actually fell. “I had to get the results on my cell phone,” admitted Frank-Walter Steinmeier with a smile, referring to the clouds of fog that kept coming into the stadium, which severely impaired the view of the spectators on the Rennsteig.
Steinmeier still enjoyed attending the 10 km sprint race at the Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof and received numerous tips from the Olympic champions Frank Ullrich and Peter Sendel: "Fascinated since the Olympic Games in South Korea, when Laura Dahlmeier won gold in the first race "I like biathlon," he revealed and also praised Oberhof for its modernized sports facilities: "The completely renovated arena is great and offers ideal conditions. The athletes also say that - with thanks to those who have pitched in here since the World Championships were awarded." When it comes to sustainability, the location is now “one step ahead” of many others and is therefore “safe for the next few years and even decades”.
In terms of sport, the Norwegian Johannes Thingnes Bö once again outpaced the competition. Despite a penalty after a shooting error, he secured his sixth victory in the sixth sprint of the winter in 23:21.7 minutes - and with it his second world title in Oberhof. Behind him, his clean-shooting brother Tarjei (14.8 seconds back) and Sturla Holm Lägreid (1 penalty loop/39.9 seconds) and Johannes Dale (1/43.6) completed the Norwegian quadruple victory.
The local ski hunters were unable to intervene in the fight for the medals one day after Denise Herrmann-Wick's triumph. After one shooting error, Johannes Kühn finished eighth as the best German, 1:04.8 minutes behind. World Cup debutant Justus Strelow shot flawlessly and came twelfth (1:14.6). Two rays of hope behind the gray veil. On the other hand, Benedikt Doll disappointed again. After his botched mixed effort on Wednesday, the Black Forester missed five targets this time and disappeared into the dressing room in 55th place, deeply disappointed and without comment.
Bö started the race with number 1 in front of 14,300 spectators and demonstrated this status despite the complicated visibility conditions. However: With his last two standing shots he had the luck of the brave; They each landed on the edge of the panes and still fell. The 29-year-old then enjoyed the award ceremony together with his brother, who is five years older than him: "It's the best feeling to stand here with him," said the world champion: "We are the best family, the best brothers, the best athletes."
There is little doubt that the Norwegians will also dominate the pursuit on Sunday. When it comes to women, however, German hopes rest on Herrmann-Wick. “If you start with number one, the goal is not to come in tenth. You just have to go full throttle and attack to defend number one,” said sports director Felix Bitterling, taking his “locomotive” to task. The organizers expect an almost sold-out arena for the double event (1:25 p.m. and 3:30 p.m./ZDF and Eurosport live).
Brych dislikes the “swarm of bees” on the pitch
Felix Brych - Referee Felix Brych decides on the referee ball.
Aggressive players or complaining coaches? Germany's referees want to "consistently punish" unsportsmanlike behavior. Referee boss Fröhlich points to a role model function.
Top German referee Felix Brych has identified negative tendencies in interactions on the pitch. “I do think that there are new behaviors on the part of the players who, after decisions, surround the referee a bit like a swarm of bees and try to push him into the review area,” the 47-year-old told the German Press Agency. "We discussed this during the winter break. We decided that we do not want to accept such unsportsmanlike behavior. We will pay more attention to this again - and will also sanction it."
Two coaches were recently sent off. Mainz coach Bo Svensson was shown a red card in the cup defeat against FC Bayern. For Freiburg's coach Christian Streich, the league defeat in Dortmund was yellow-red. "The behavior of the coach also falls into the area of unsportsmanlike behavior. We have noticed that unsportsmanlike behavior has also increased in this area, and that behavior towards us referees has become a little more demanding or aggressive. We also want to punish such unsportsmanlike behavior consistently," said Brych.
DFB referee boss Lutz Michael Fröhlich pointed out that there was generally good cooperation between coaches and referees. "Overall, the relationship is good. There are reactions, followed by consistent counter-reactions. The person affected then has to live with that. It shouldn't be anything earth-shattering," said Fröhlich to the German Press Agency.
"Conflicts can certainly arise from emotionality during the course of the game. But if the emotionality spills over into personal denigration, then you also have to accept that the appropriate measures will be taken by the referee," said Fröhlich. In recent cases, those involved have sorted things out afterwards. “It would only be important if there were a process of rethinking that such behavior was simply not appropriate,” said Fröhlich on the sidelines of an event organized by the Association of German Sports Journalists in Munich.
The 65-year-old pointed out possible effects on another level. "Of course, incidents from professional football always have an impact. There is a role model effect, which results in imitation. In recent cases in the Bundesliga, the referees have reacted consistently to negative behavior," said Fröhlich. “Regardless of the consistent interpretation of the rules in the game, a clarifying conversation with an exchange of perspectives between the referees and those affected is always helpful.”
Combiner Oftebro wins in Schonach
After a jump from the normal hill and the ten-kilometer cross-country ski race, the Norwegian Jens Luraas Oftebro secured victory ahead of the Austrian overall leader Johannes Lamparter. Kristjan Ilves from Estonia came third.
The German combined athletes are not competing in the Black Forest with their best line-up. Beijing Olympic champions Vinzenz Geiger, Eric Frenzel and Johannes Rydzek are not there. They are preparing for the World Championships, which will take place from February 21st to March 5th in Planica, Slovenia, with training in Oberstdorf. “We have three world-class athletes at home. Of course the team feels that,” said national coach Hermann Weinbuch on ZDF.
Seven slightly injured after rear-end collision on A5
Seven people were slightly injured in an accident involving four vehicles on Autobahn 5 near Hemsbach (Rhein-Neckar district), including two children. According to a police statement, the collision occurred on Saturday when a driver hit a car from behind during a slight traffic jam and pushed it into two other cars. The full closure of the lanes in the direction of Heidelberg was lifted after about an hour and a half.
Finissage in the Marl Sculpture Museum
They brought the exhibition to life: the initiators Sebastian Freytag (left) and Georg Elben (right) stand with artist Christian Freudenberger in front of his mural.
An unusual exhibition ends on Sunday, February 12th in the Marl Sculpture Museum. There are some extras for the finale.
The finissage for the exhibition “Wandbound” will take place on Sunday, February 12th, at 3 p.m. in the temporary quarters of the Marl Sculpture Museum at Georg-Herwegh-Straße 63-67. In each of three exhibition rooms, two large-format murals attract attention.
After the exhibition, the walls are painted over and the works of art disappear. However, a catalog documents the works created specifically for the Marl Museum. It will be presented on February 12th by the two curators Georg Elben and Sebastian Freytag.
At the finissage, Dr. Friederike Schuler will also give a lecture on wall-bound art in the service of the community. Using numerous image examples, she presents the peculiarities of wall painting from the Weimar Republic and asks about the connections to this art genre in the Federal Republic with a focus on North Rhine-Westphalia from the 1950s to the 1970s.
Dr. Friederike Schuler is a freelance art historian and curator and received her doctorate in 2013 on wall painting in the Weimar Republic. Since then, she has been researching building-related art as well as art and institutional history of the post-war period in Germany, most recently together with Sebastian Freytag on art in buildings in North Rhine-Westphalia. After the lecture, the final curator's tour of the exhibition takes place. The artists are on site.
Arrest warrants after building collapses in Turkey
It's about construction defects that promoted the collapse of buildings: in the Turkish earthquake region, the judicial authorities have issued arrest warrants for dozens of suspects.
Istanbul. In southern Turkey, dozens of arrest warrants have been issued over possible construction defects after buildings collapsed during the earthquake. Arrest warrants have been issued against 33 people in the city of Diyarbakir, the state news agency Anadolu reported on Saturday, citing prosecutors. The accused are said to be responsible for construction defects that contributed to the collapse of the buildings.
According to Anadolu, the public prosecutor's office in Adana is also investigating possible construction defects in collapsed buildings. As part of these investigations, 62 arrest warrants have been issued so far, it said. According to information, one of the accused was caught at the airport in Istanbul. He is said to have tried to travel to Montenegro with cash and is now in custody, Anadolu said. Nine more people were arrested in the cities of Sanliurfa and Osmaniye.
A magnitude 7.7 quake struck the Turkish-Syrian border area early Monday morning, followed by another magnitude 7.6 quake at midday. More than 7,500 buildings have collapsed in Turkey alone.
Penultimate Prime Minister of the GDR Hans Modrow dies
Hans Modrow is dead, as the left-wing faction in the Bundestag announced. The 95-year-old died on Saturday night. Parliamentary group leader Dietmar Bartsch praised the former SED official and later PDS and left-wing politician as a “deeply sincere socialist”.
Last night, “Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95,” the left-wing faction in the Bundestag announced on Saturday. The party is losing “an important personality,” explained parliamentary group leader Dietmar Bartsch and former parliamentary group leader Gregor Gysi.
In the 1970s, Hans Modrow became the first secretary of the SED district leadership in Dresden. As Prime Minister, he accompanied the end of the GDR. Just four days after the fall of the Wall, on November 13, 1989, he became chairman of the GDR's Council of Ministers - for around 150 days. In the Volkskammer elections on March 18, 1990, the SED/PDS lost power and Modrow lost his office a month later. He was followed as the last Prime Minister of the GDR until the reunification of the CDU politician Lothar de Maizière.
The parliamentary group leader of the Left, Dietmar Bartsch, described Modrow as a "deeply sincere and combative socialist" in a message on the short message service Twitter. Bartsch added:
“He was an important advisor in our party until his old age, whose wisdom will be missed.”
"The entire peaceful process of establishing German unity was a special achievement of his. That will remain his political legacy," wrote Bartsch and Gysi in their obituary. It goes on to say:
"His later work in the People's Chamber, the Bundestag, the European Parliament and as honorary chairman of the PDS always consisted of representing that part of the former GDR population that was not wanted and whose interests were regularly violated."
After reunification, Modrow sat for the PDS in the German Bundestag from 1990 to 1994 and represented them in the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
As a report by the German Press Agency (dpa) states, Modrow was “quite critical” of the new state. According to the dpa, Modrow criticized in many interviews that German unification was achieved too quickly, that the GDR collapsed too unconditionally, and that it was condemned as an "unlawful state" too one-sidedly.
What happened that night
Ukrainian President Volodomyr Zelensky condemns Russian missile attacks. Meanwhile, Kiev has to carry out emergency repairs to the power grid.
Kiev - The latest wave of Russian missile attacks is again forcing emergency repairs to the Ukrainian energy grid. But Ukraine is also attacking Russian positions. Several thermal and hydroelectric power plants were damaged, said the head of the Ukrenerho energy supplier, Volodymyr Kudryzkyj, on Ukrainian television on Friday evening. The electricity supply in the Kharkiv region is particularly bad. Due to instability in the Ukrainian power grid, a reactor block at the Khmelnytskyi nuclear power plant had to be shut down, and production was cut back at the Rivne and southern Ukraine nuclear power plants.
President Volodymyr Zelensky condemned Friday's Russian attack with about 100 rockets and cruise missiles as terrorism. In a video message, however, he told his compatriots how much support Ukraine had received during his trip to London, Paris and Brussels this week.
Zelensky does not want to abandon the small town of Bakhmut
On February 24th there will have been a year of war. US President Joe Biden announced a visit to important Ukraine supporter Poland shortly before the anniversary. The danger from Russian missile attacks continued on Saturday night. In the capital Kiev, the air alarm was sounded for the fifth time that day late on Friday evening. “There is a threat of an attack with drones,” said the military administration of the Kiev region. Iranian-made combat drones were also spotted and shot down over the Mykolaiv and Odessa areas in the south.
Deutsche Bahn: Federal government selects consultants for network company
Demands from the FDP and the Greens during the election campaign to split off, among others, failed because of the coalition partner SPD. In the coalition agreement, the compromise of an infrastructure company was agreed upon, which should, however, be oriented towards the common good in the future. This means that it does not need to generate and transfer profits.
Renovation backlog of 80 billion euros
The two consulting firms are intended to help the federal government accompany this process. The renovation backlog on the rail network is a major reason why the train is currently running very late. Transport Minister Wissing has set himself the task of eliminating this problem by completely renovating entire railway corridors. The investments required for this have so far been estimated at 50 billion euros. However, according to recent calculations by Deutsche Bahn, they are closer to up to 80 billion euros.
Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof 2023 - Gold for Denise Herrmann-Wick: "Can someone please pinch me?"
The external circumstances obviously did not speak in favor of Herrmann-Wick. She didn't sleep well, she said after the race, she was "totally excited" and her heart rate had stopped even when she ran in. “A race like this,” and this at the home World Cup, “you can’t describe it in words,” she said. 11,000 spectators cheered to the booming pop music with German flags, and the supervisors and team hugged each other.
“Enjoy biathlon” is what she wanted to do
The pressure was particularly high for Herrmann-Wick. The 34-year-old started the World Championships as the biggest, if not only, German hope for a medal outside of the relays. Herrmann-Wick was the only German to win two World Cups this winter. She is currently in fifth place in the overall World Cup. And even if the performance density among the women at the top is significantly higher than among the men, where only Johannes Thingnes Bø and his Norwegians currently dominate, there were others on the list for this sprint victory.
Criticism of the government - Bishop in Nicaragua sentenced to 26 years in prison
The bishop is a prominent critic of the left-wing head of state. He accuses Ortega of suppressing religious freedom. Relations between the Nicaraguan government and the Catholic Church have been severely strained since 2018. At that time, demonstrators calling for Ortega's resignation found refuge in churches. More than 350 people died in the protests in 2018. Thousands of people left the Central American country in the following years, often out of fear of repression or arrest. President Ortega accuses the Catholic clergy of plotting with the US government to overthrow him.
Bundeswehr: Armaments industry demands more orders from special funds
The first armaments projects have therefore already been canceled, and further projects are threatened with the same, as “Welt am Sonntag” reports. However, it cannot currently be said which investments would specifically be eliminated. “There is no need to assign specific procurement measures to any savings needs at this point,” says the federal government in response to a request from Bundestag member Ingo Gädechens (CDU).
The background to the falling investment amount is the rising interest rates. The fully loan-financed special fund, which the Bundestag decided on in June 2022, must bear the interest burden on the loans itself. If these increase, there will be less money available for specific purchases for the Bundeswehr. In addition, the current high inflation is reducing the purchasing power of the remaining sum.
Kupferzell: Accident with 3 injured
On the night of Friday to Saturday (February 10th - 11th), around 1:40 a.m., a 24-year-old BMW driver coming from the direction of Kupferzell wanted to turn left onto the motorway at the Kupferzell motorway entrance towards Heilbronn. At this point, a 21-year-old VW driver was driving on the B 19 in the direction of Künzelsau, the police said. When the BMW driver turned, there was a collision between the two vehicles.
Both people involved in the accident stated that the traffic lights installed at the scene of the accident were “green” for them. An inspection of the traffic lights revealed no complaints. Further investigations will follow. In the accident, the 24-year-old, the 21-year-old and the passenger in the BMW were each slightly injured. They had to be taken to a hospital. The two cars suffered material damage totaling around 20,000 euros.
Schlossplatz Stuttgarters commemorate the victims of the earthquake disaster
Many Stuttgart residents followed the call of the Feuerbach Ditib Mosque community on Friday evening
Tens of thousands of people have died in the earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria. There is great sympathy - also in Stuttgart.
Earthquake disasters in Turkey and Syria concern the world. On Friday evening, more than 200 people remembered the victims and prayed for them on Stuttgart's Schlossplatz.
Many community members followed the call of the Ditib Mosque community in Feuerbach, both young and old, women and men. They all listened to the Imam's prayer earnestly and in silence. In the prayer, the Imam asked Allah to help the people in the affected areas so that they could also overcome this disaster. Among other things, he asked for health, protection from plagues and to treat each other with respect. The community also asked for support and strength to "bring our help to the areas affected by the earthquake."
Ditib stands by the people in Turkey and Syria. The speakers expressed their sympathy for those affected and the families of the more than 22,000 victims at the time of the memorial event. The prayers were also translated into German on the Schlossplatz.
The solidarity of Muslims in Germany with the earthquake victims in the Turkish-Syrian border area is great. The fundraising campaign by the German Islamic Association Turkish-Islamic Union (Ditib) has already raised several million euros.
The Alevi community in Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt collected donations in kind on Glockenstrasse over several days, which were to be brought to the earthquake areas by truck. There, too, the willingness to help was overwhelming.
Hike with meat - Ebersberg
"After eating you should rest or take a thousand steps."... The older ones know the saying, the younger ones just put it into practice. Either way, the good old digestive walk has experienced an unexpected renaissance during the pandemic years. Because if you don't sit in the middle of a rocky desert thanks to your home office, but rather just a stone's throw away from fields, forests and meadows, you can now use your lunch break either after a quick snack in front of the screen or as an alternative to go out for some fresh air. At least that's the impression you could get around Lake Egglburg, where dog owners aren't the only ones hanging out between 12 p.m. and 2 p.m.
Of course, one reason could also be that modern people can combine the health-promoting supply of fresh air with other things by making optimal use of their time slots. Because why not find out news about the settlement from the neighbor you haven't seen for a long time during a short walk through nature? Or meet the friend with whom you never make it to the cinema in the evening, not even to the old cinema? This also makes it possible to combine work and private life - who says that an appointment with a tax advisor, lawyer or investment advisor can't take place outdoors? As long as there are no foreign ears nearby, of course.
Another good thing you can do is purchase goods in kind. Fresh fruit, for example, that stands on a table along the side of the path along with small boxes. Or potatoes and meat. It's just stupid if you didn't think about the purchase in advance and take the appropriate precautions. An older couple in Hinteregglburg leaves the farmer's wooden sales room with empty hands and regret in their voice. "It's a shame, unfortunately we forgot the money."
The disappointment is understandable, as you have a companion with a wallet but no transport container. Whatever you let the friendly acquaintance know. To which the man replies: "That's not true! You certainly have a bag with you!" He points to the hood of the jacket that you quickly threw on before leaving the house, even though the sunshine makes additional headgear unnecessary. "My wife always puts everything in there!"
And so it happens that you start your way back with meat and on this short lunchtime excursion you have not only gained a rack of lamb, but also an extremely practical idea. It's quite possible that a second walk will be due that day - after dinner. This time actually for digestion.
Trapped and seriously injured
At around 9 p.m., the 25-year-old was driving his Audi on the district road towards Hailfingen and, for reasons that are still unclear, veered off the road to the right in a left-hand bend, according to the police report. The Audi damaged a guide post, hit the side of a tree and stopped a few meters away. The collision left the driver trapped in his car. The fire department freed him with heavy equipment. The emergency services took the seriously injured man to a hospital. Since there was suspicion that he was unfit to drive, a blood sample was ordered to be taken. According to the police report, the Audi suffered a total loss of 1,000 euros.
Donald Trump's tax records: point for the rule of law
The US Department of Justice has decided: The tax authority must hand over the ex-president's tax returns to parliament.
Trump in 2018, then still in office as President of the USA
The Ministry of Finance must instruct the tax authority IRS to release the confidential documents to the Finance and Tax Committee, according to the ministry's decision on Friday.
In contradiction to political customs in the USA, the real estate entrepreneur Trump did not make his tax return public either as a candidate or later as president. He fought against publication all the way to the Supreme Court. A public prosecutor's office in New York has now received the documents, but no details were allowed to be made public - unless there was a trial.
Disclosure to Congress is probably more delicate for Trump: there the circle of those authorized to access is somewhat larger and, under certain conditions, individual details could be published in the course of the committee's investigation. In addition, confidential information leaks out from parliament again and again.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, immediately welcomed the decision as a “victory for the rule of law.” Access to the Republican's tax records is a matter of national security, she wrote on Twitter. “The American people deserve to know the facts about his conflicts of interest and his undermining of our security as president,” Pelosi said.
Cabaret in the Bastion: Life takes place between birth and death
Kirchheim. Pasta or pizza? Samsung or Apple? Which cell phone contract among the many offers? Stay or break up? Either ... or? As slaves of time, today's people rush from appointment to appointment and sometimes just shove people and hamburgers in between. In her new program, Lucy van Kuhl shows that there is something exciting about the “in-between” state.
Lucy van Kuhl tells and sings about situations from life in a humorous and thoughtful way. In her sensitive chansons and crisp, pointed cabaret songs she gets to the point - and one or two things are also written between the lines. It starts on Saturday, February 18th at 8:30 p.m. in the Kirchheim Club Bastion.
British criminal caught in Thailand after a long escape
London - After five years on the run, a convicted drug criminal from Great Britain has been caught in Thailand. As the British criminal investigation agency NCA announced on Saturday, the man was arrested by Thai police officers in a car repair shop in Bangkok on Friday. The 55-year-old was on the NCA's "Most Wanted" list of criminals.
According to authorities, the leader of a criminal group fled in early 2018 before the start of a trial in which he was sentenced in absentia to eleven years in prison for attempting to import amphetamines worth eight million pounds (nine million euros).
Encounters at the church table
Bielefeld
What will be served remains a secret. Because people should come to the Vesperkirche primarily to meet others, not because something specific is on the menu. It starts this Sunday, when the Neustädter St. Mary's Church will become the dining room for two weeks.
Cabaret - Stories from the Big Apple
Vince Ebert has a mission: The studied physicist from Lower Franconia, who has lived in Vienna for three years and who, according to his own admission, loves Viennese humor, takes a stand for science in his cabaret programs. The programmatic title of his current solo “Make Science Great Again” fits in with this. Whether this fits in well with the generally prevailing domestic scientific skepticism here remains to be seen. In any case, his humor suits Vienna very well.
The English-language title is also derived from Ebert's recent life story, as he tried to gain a foothold in New York as a stand-up comedian for a year in 2019. But now he is back and not only tells his German-speaking audience about his experiences overseas, but he also explains what Wissenaft actually is and what it can do and, above all, what it cannot do. Of course Corona also comes into play, but also German thoroughness in the toilet and American engineering skills.
And he breaks it down to the most important question that many people put off: What is really important? All of this with a huge wink, calm and very ironic. And so you not only have a good time, but you can also learn something new.
Please go get a typing... it doesn't take long, doesn't hurt and can save many people's lives.
My cell phone rings with an unknown number. I suppose. This woman is the honest finder of her wallet.
The Nordcon team continues: “In contrast to our old location, we only have very few stairs.
MP Pfeiffer describes climate protection as a substitute religion. It may even be true, because I love this planet and its civilization more than any abstract god
Ten firefighters and two police officers were injured in the explosion, some seriously.
I can dismiss it all as harmless quirkiness. You don't do that to children.
It's good that city politicians have recognized the advantages for decades and never questioned them.
Peace and security in the changing times? On Monday, May 15th at 6 p.m., the Solidarity Church, the Peace Plenum and the Evangelical City Academy invite you to a lecture and discussion event in the Evangelical Church. University on the topic “Peace and security in the changing times?”
I really don't understand why events like this aren't held on Sundays. Or not in town.
What doesn't the #Bahn actually do to scare away customers and mess up the image even further!?
Brilliant how well #LuisaNeubauer sums it up. We need exactly such people. Thank you Luisa!
Microtransactions in Diablo IV: Blizzard gives details and prices of monetization<URL> #DiabloIV #ActivisionBlizzard
After the political crisis and new elections in 2020, politicians of all stripes are traveling together (!) to Germany for the first time.
I'm excited to see who I'll meet there and who I'll get to know there ;-)
Party colleague Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer eleven, as well as the Ministry of Education under Anja Karliczek, she is also a CDU minister.
So that's really nothing new, it's the same with every electronic ticket. Checkin/checkout is a different house number.
Certainly no reason to do anything about the tax evasion of 150 billion euros per year in Germany alone.
Does anyone play #wortify and found the word with all the letters today? If so, please let me know, it's driving me crazy.
I haven't written anything for a long time, the search for a suitable job took up all my resources for a long time.
Dunja #Hayali will moderate the #AktuelleSportstudio for the last time next Saturday:<URL>
If the city sets up these cycle routes in the secondary network, he is again against it. Can the man make up his mind?
I actually wanted to grab the camera and go for a little walk. What's up? It's raining.
After a serious accident or other traumatic event, those affected are often in shock. How do you help with psychological shock?
Digital exclusion: a new form of discrimination - The entire documentary
For me: I always need a bottle of water by my bed. However, if there is more in the bottle, I usually don't drink it at all or drink a maximum of two to three sips.
It is the third nationwide warning strike: 50 railway and transport companies want to strike again from Sunday and until Tuesday next week.
I only ever get #voicemessages from a very good friend. Then I make myself a coffee, light a cigarette and listen. Always very entertaining. He is the only one who is allowed to do that.
Tomorrow I can finally hand in my computer for restoration and then the prospect is quite good that I will be able to work again sometime in June. Hey, at least some perspective!
The plenum is called upon to follow the idea; This principle must also be anchored in the #CyberResilienceAct and the #ProductLiabilityDirective.
Disposable or reusable? Environmental Aid recommends reusables, while Lidl uses a disposable system. But it also depends on other factors, such as short transport routes.
The EPP group in the EU Parliament wants to undermine central components of the EU Commission's Green Deal, such as the pesticide regulation and the renaturation law.
Software problems: Polestar postpones start of production and cuts staff -<URL>
Tomorrow I'm free again because there's no trailer labeling and not too much urgent work to do. A Friday that deserves the name!
This was all purchased from System Matters, I just prefer PDFs. I'm currently working on the Black Sword Hack.
Dear readers, dear Followis, If so, how much does it cost? Are there any special conditions? If not, is such a variant still planned? Thank you very much!
A new episode of Hasophonie: "The Justice Illusion. How we do injustice to ourselves and others."
And if you can't understand people's panic, you're not reading enough @IPCC_CH@twitter.com reports.
A microphone, energy efficient and inspired by nature
A British research group is using 3D printing to develop biomimetic sound recording systems. The technique is based on the senses of the small wax moth.
This was preceded by violent political disputes, including over Willy Brandt's (SPD) general Eastern policy.
I'm not such an elephant fan myself, but maybe there will still be a few fans here.
What I wanted to say. I'm happy to answer any question if I can answer it.
10 years ago I read "Biohacking - genetic engineering from the garage". Cool and exciting book.
There are farmers in #Ukraine who own more Russian tanks.
It's a Thursday, but this time it's a normal #Jazz concert, which is taking place this evening at the #Jazzhaus #Heidelberg.
I want an orange-colored network card! What color is yours or do you want to have?
The preventive examination as an essential measuring point of the passing time.
How aloof and inhumane can one actually be? If you have a heart attack in the evening at the end of the month, should you please stay at home until your account is funded again or your family doctor can be reached? I'm looking forward to the debate on this motion! Health Minister Lauterbach, on the other hand.
Several firefighters and police officers were seriously injured in an explosion in #Ratingen. According to @rponline ticker & NRW-IM Reul, there are vague indications that the man was mentally close to Corona deniers. He was wanted on a warrant.
In particular about a star: the sun, its prominences, but above all about how much of the energy that comes to us from it we let in and get rid of, and at what level.
All jokes are made
And we laughed a lot. The sound fades away quietly
On the way home. The applause sounds strange. Who was actually applauded? Or was it comfortable for us
To only see the other person in what is said? Seen ourselves in them...
hmmm, before hitting cyclists, you have to shout “En garde” loudly and clearly.
Hello Julia, I hope you enjoyed your funeral service and the burial of your urn.
"Small history of religion about anthropogenic climate change: The myth of eternal carbon dioxide or how elegant theses become gospels when they threaten to fail due to earthly practice."
The further expansion of the federal police into an instrument of repressive isolation policy will not be improved by a few inspection receipts. But also for the first time #labeling requirement and control receipts against #RacialProfiling.
Sovereign Storm of Grailknights live on stage at Colos-Saal Aschaffenburg, April 1, 2023.
New legal opinion sees chat controls incompatible with EU fundamental values. Nevertheless, the commission continues.
... and another addendum: I found the email locally on a notebook. The house loses nothing! You can rely on my digital metrology.
If you have enough money, you can ask for it. The economy will be happy.
Healthy materials were used in the construction and attention was paid to resource-saving construction.
So, according to the current planning status, I may be driving electrically from September. Let's see how often the construction date will be postponed until then...
Human rights organizations are now sounding the alarm: freedom of choice is in danger.
Moitzfeld: Discussion about a new daycare center<URL> #radioberg #bergischesland #news #localnews #nrw #oberberg #rheinberg #news
The Federal Public Prosecutor's Office refuses to investigate.
Grandpa, bury, principle, what you need, you take out of the earth, what you want to get rid of, you put into the earth.
But even on the Feldberg, at just under two degrees, there is not enough “ice”. Let's see what it's like on Sunday at Schluchsee.
Are there people from #GenerationZ here in the #Fediverse or on the NRW.social instance?
It's understandable, there hasn't been such a goal spectacle here for a long time!
A few days ago I spoke to people who criticized exactly this about “politics”.
Where do you want to use me so that you don't go bankrupt? What are you paying? Can I chill in the home office? And I want a 4-day week.
Rail strike: Will I still get to my destination after 10 p.m. on Sunday? - Deutsche Bahn assumes that train services will continue until the warning strike begins on Sunday. But what if travelers have not yet arrived at their destination?
Hacking & Pentest Hardware Presentation to the Police
I was invited to introduce the most important tools to the aspiring police officers.
Great book: the maid. By Nita Prose. Crime thriller with interesting protagonists and an unexpected perspective. Exciting until the end.
NBA: Stephen Curry with 27 points, Warriors beat Lakers - highlights, box score, statistics:<URL> #basketball #nba
At Hertha that is still questionable, a win against the bottom team from Berlin is in the air.
Now I have to tell you a nice story.
I absolutely no longer expected that a paper train ticket would be sent to me by post.
The number of nursing staff on sick leave increased rapidly from 2021 to 2022. How does that happen? "According to data from the Techniker Krankenkasse (TK), which is available to the Evangelical Press Service, sick notes increased by 40 percent compared to 2021.
"A report by the German Federation of Trade Unions (DGB) also shows how high the workload is, especially in nursing.
Transgender: Does not identify with the gender assigned at birth.
The 2020 US election: still “stolen”. His interviewer: “nasty”. One day after his conviction for sexual abuse, Donald Trump answered questions from a moderator and the audience on CNN.
Budget policy: tax revenue lower than expected
This will make budget negotiations more difficult.
Maybe the search engine and Google Assistant will finally understand that they don't need to show you anything about cooking with meat.
A #PopClip extension that allows you to colorize text in #Obsidian...<URL>
#FAV2023 After a #coaching session and the lunch break, we continue with the #digital pilots
"The batteries of discarded electric cars are often far from exhausted. In a pilot project, they are being used to store electricity from renewable energies and to compensate for grid fluctuations."
#Democracy has so far also generated broad #prosperity. We'll see what a democracy is worth when it no longer means prosperity.
Arrived at #Amtrak Station Providence, Rhode Island.
Replicating this work of art is a great way to get rid of that straight line of concrete slabs. I intend to.
Google's rather over-the-top demonstration of AI power<URL>
The entrance to our hotel in Argenton-sur-Creuse - makes you want to explore the world behind it.
I'm at a loss. And I notice how the fear arises more and more that I have something bad brewing inside me, undetected.
I'm still sitting on around 200 euros of unprocessed tickets from the last #warningstrike.
Fairbuds XL: This is what sustainability sounds like
They are easy to repair.
Pakistan: Supreme Court orders release of Imran Khan
The lawyer for Pakistan's former prime minister has succeeded in his complaint: Imran Khan should be released. Thousands protested after his arrest.
The route closure between Herchen and Eitorf has been lifted. The unauthorized persons on the route between Herchen and Eitorf were apprehended.
1. General
The one-man entertainment device BATTLEZONE is equipped with a vector or X/Y monitor. This game illustrates the battle from the perspective of a tank driver. The battles are fought in a wide valley, which is completely surrounded by mountains and volcanoes. In the valley there are rock pyramids and rock blocks that offer the player temporary protection as they cannot be destroyed by enemy bullets.
The enemy is represented by slow-moving tracked vehicles and fast super tanks, as well as nimble missiles that become increasingly difficult to hit as the game progresses. In addition, UFOs appear periodically. These cannot attack the player tank. Conversely, the player can achieve a high score by hitting a UFO. The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) different operating modes. These are the attraction process, the game initiation process, the game start process, the initial entry for maximum results and the self-test process. The latter operating mode represents a special procedure for checking the controls and the computer function.
4. Gameplay
The game process is triggered when the START push button is pressed. The LED switch remains illuminated and the game sounds are audible. If the last player tank is eliminated by the enemy attacker, a game is over. The game begins with slow-moving tanks appearing on the screen. The player can determine the position of the respective enemy tanks or missiles by observing the text displayed in the upper left corner of the cockpit display. A note could read, for example: OPPONENTS FROM THE RIGHT. Additionally, a dot representing the enemy position becomes visible on the long-range radar screen, accompanied by a sonar BLIP tone.
The top, cone-shaped area on the radar screen represents the player's field of view on the screen below. If the enemy is in this area, he can be easily targeted on the screen. At the same time, ENEMY IN THE FIRE AREA will appear in the top left information display.
UFOs are occasionally visible on the screen flying over the battlefield. These are harmless missiles that observe the battle and cannot eliminate either the opponent or the player tank. The flight position of the UFO's cannot be detected by the radar. The UFOs are intended to round off the combat and distract the player, as they usually appear at the same time as enemy tanks or missiles. UFO's can be eliminated by both the player tank and the enemy tank. A kill by the player earns him 5,000 points. If an enemy is hit, the following points are achieved: 1,000 points for a slow-moving tank, 2,000 points for a rocket and 3,000 points for a super tank. A Super Tank moves and turns twice as fast as the player tank or a slow-moving enemy tank. Several options give the player the opportunity to use 2, 3, 4 or even 5 tanks in a game. Furthermore, after reaching the specified number of points, a bonus tank can be released and the appearance of the rocket can be varied to make the game more difficult. Details and the exact switching positions of the gameplay selector switch for this setting option can be found in the illustration.
5. Initial entry for maximum results
If a player exceeds the minimum score in the table of maximum scores, HE or SHE may enter three (3) personal initials in the table at the end of the game. The instructions for this are self-explanatory and can be displayed in four languages. Please note that if you trigger a self-test, press the RESET button on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PCB or interrupt the mains voltage, the table with the maximum results will be deleted. Upon RESET, the ten (10) highest scores are obtained with their initials and re-inscribed on the screen to challenge additional players. Any score above 100,000 is additionally marked with a tank symbol followed by the player's initials. If a player does not enter his or her initials within 60 seconds, the computer will automatically write in lines. The device then switches back to the attraction gameplay. ASSEMBLY ARRANGEMENT
1. New parts
The BATTLEZONE device features five (5) new components. If you already have experience with ATARI video devices, you should note these important differences. The new parts are: A. The control lever. This is a reconstruction of the ATARI shifter. It has been reinforced with several additional ribs in the inner and outer housing parts, which made this unit more stable and ensures proper function of the switch contacts. Another modification is the rubber centering bellows, which, like a centering spring, always brings the control lever back to the middle position. The microswitches are now attached with self-locking nuts for easier replacement. B. Two PC boards. ATARI'S X/Y game circuit has been extended to two (2) boards connected together. These are the Analog Vector Generator and Auxiliary boards. With the help of this switching technology, more lines are generated on the screen at a higher speed, which results in an even and quiet image. C. The power supply. Battlezone is equipped with a newly designed power supply. It has a larger, more powerful transformer to accommodate the increased power supply resulting from the expansion of the circuit. D. The device housing. Due to the new design, it was now possible to install a new cash register with a larger coin capacity. There is also a console in the device that is intended as a platform for smaller players to make playing easier. At the same time, this console ensures maximum device stability at the installation location.
These new components, as well as all other major assemblies of this device, are shown in Figure 1. If one of these new parts is mentioned in the manual, you will find this symbol. 2. Equipment inspection
After removing the packaging, this new entertainment device is ready to play. Still, you should do some checking to round out the quality control. To be sure that the device was delivered to you in a proper condition, the following checks should be carried out: NOTE: Do not connect the device to the 220 V network yet. A. Inspect the exterior of the housing for damage. B. Open the maintenance hatch of the device and check the components inside the device as follows: (1) Check all wiring harness connectors for correct and secure connection. Connect any open or loose plugs together.
NOTE: Never force plug connections. The plugs are provided with a positive guide so that a correct connection is made. A connector twisted 180 degrees will destroy the PCB.
(2) Check the connector connections to the game PC board for correct and tight seating. (3) Note the production number of the device on the nameplate on the back of the device. Check whether the stamped production number matches those of the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PC board, auxiliary PC board, controller/Audio II PC board and the TV monitor. An illustration of the location of the production number can be found on the back cover of this manual. This number should always be quoted when calling your dealer for further service information. (4) Check all other main components such as the power supply, the control console and the TV monitor for proper assembly. (5) Finally, the device must be supplied with mains voltage and switched on. By looking through the player's viewing glass, you can check whether the radar screen is also in the bright, orange-circled opening in the fairing. If the opening is not exactly centered, the panel attached to the housing with adhesive tape must be loosened and realigned. Before the device is connected to the mains supply, it must be ensured that the voltage selection plug on the power supply unit 1 (see Fig. 3) matches the local mains voltage. Check the cable color on the plug and check the connection values as listed below:
DO YOU HAVE PROBLEMS WITH YOUR SOFTWARE? Below you will find a series of tips that can help you solve most problems related to recent DirectX games. Check system configuration
Please take the time to check that your system meets the requirements listed on the package. You can use the DirectX Diagnostics program to get an overview of your system if you are unsure whether your PC meets the requirements. To run the DirectX Diagnostics program, please follow these steps: Click the Start button and select the Run option. Enter "dxdiag" in the text field. The DirectX diagnostic program user interface will now be displayed. Here you have access to all relevant system details, including information about the graphics and sound cards. Among other things, you can check whether graphics and sound are working properly, by clicking the appropriate buttons to test DirectDraw, Direct3D and DirectSound. Note: If you do not have advanced computer skills, we would advise against changing any of the options in the DirectX Diagnostics program before starting the game
Other programs may hog the system resources that the game needs to run properly. Not all of these programs are obvious that they are active, and many start automatically when the system boots. Such programs that are constantly active on your system are also called “background applications”. In some cases, they can be the cause of your program hanging or crashing. Therefore, we recommend that you close such background applications before starting the game. - If you have antivirus or crash guard programs running on your system, you should close or disable them before starting the game. To do this, find the program's icon in the Windows taskbar. Right-click the icon and select the appropriate option (“Disable,” “Close,” or similar). - Once you have disabled the antivirus and crash guard programs, you should also close common background applications as these sometimes cause problems when installing or running a PC game. You can read more about this in the “How to close all unnecessary background applications” section. Clean up the system
Before installing any software, make sure your hard drive is functioning optimally. You should therefore make it a habit to “clean up” your PC at regular intervals. The tools you need to do this come with Windows: Use ScanDisk, Disk Defragmenter, and Disk Cleanup to keep everything running smoothly. Then there is a good chance that current games will run largely problem-free on your PC. A “clean” system also has the advantage that it works much more efficiently, meaning that other applications you use also run faster and more stable. Consult the Windows Help files to learn about the ScanDisk or error checking, defragmentation, and disk cleanup tools. Using Windows Help
1. Click the Start button and select Help (or Help and Support) to access Windows Help. 2. Now click in the search field and enter the relevant keyword, e.g. E.g. “ScanDisk” (Win 98/ME), “Error Check” (Win 2000/XP), “Defragmentation” and “Disk Cleanup”. You will then receive instructions explaining how to use these tools.
The game crashes or hangs?
For games that use the latest version of DirectX, you should make sure you have the latest drivers for your graphics card. This can often prevent a game from crashing or hanging. - First, you should try to download the latest drivers from the graphics card manufacturer's website. Below you will find the latest graphics card manufacturers:
How to close all unnecessary background applications
Important note: After quitting the game, you should reactivate the background applications by restarting your PC. This will automatically reactivate any background applications that you have stopped. Windows 98/ME
1. Hold down the CTRL and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press DEL. The Close Application window will now appear, listing all background applications currently running on your system. 2. To end a background application, click the entry in the task list and then click the End Task button. Note: Do not close the Explorer and Systray background applications as they are required for Windows to run. You can safely close all other background applications. 3. The window will now close and the task is finished. Repeat the steps above to close all other background applications (except “Explorer” and “Systray”). Windows 2000/XP Professional
1. Hold down the CTRL and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press DEL. The Windows security window will now appear. 2. Click “Task Manager” to open Windows Task Manager. To end a background application, go to the Applications tab, click the corresponding entry in the task list, and then click the End Task button. Note: Depending on your system settings, pressing CTRL may ALT and DEL do not display the Windows Security window, but the Windows Task Manager appears immediately. Windows XP Home
1. Hold down the CTRL and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press DEL. The Windows Task Manager will now appear. 2. To stop a background application, go to the Applications tab, click the corresponding entry in the task list, and then click the End Task button. Before calling the hotline
If you want to call, you should sit down at your PC and have the following information ready (see the “Checking the System Configuration” section). Please also prepare note-taking material. - PC brand and model - Processor type - Operating system including version number (e.g. Windows® 98;Windows® Me) - RAM (working memory) - Information about graphics and sound cards and drivers
INTRODUCTION TO FAHRENHEIT
My desire to create video games was sparked by the advent of real-time 3D technology, which suddenly opened up a whole host of new possibilities and seemed like a new means of expression that could push the world to its limits. For me it represented an opportunity to open up new horizons. I felt like a cinematographic pioneer at the beginning of the 20th century: on the one hand, I was struggling with the still immature technology, but on the other hand, I was aware that there was still everything to be discovered - especially a new language had to be both narrative and visual. To be completely honest, the next ten years didn't satisfy my hunger. I had the sinking feeling that video games were exploiting only a tiny portion of their amazing creative potential because they were too focused on "action" and forgot about a fundamental element of the human experience: sensation. Meanwhile, technology continued to advance rapidly. Fahrenheit represents my contribution to making video games a true, emotional means of expression. Even though this could of course have been done in a completely different form, Fahrenheit's greatest merit is the fact that real questions are raised here and concrete answers are offered. Fahrenheit is proof that it is possible to create an interactive gaming experience that is not just based on fighting hideous monsters in dark corridors and shooting at crates to get ammunition, but with far more challenging and in-depth content. It's proof that you can both tell a story and offer game content without having to sacrifice the narrative or interactive elements. I hope that both die-hard gamers and casual gamers will enjoy this new gaming experience. If you're skeptical about video games, I hope Fahrenheit helps change your mind. May other developers also feel the desire to embark on this new creative path and enrich it with their own inspirations, talent and ambition. Interactivity is still in its infancy and offers the chance to discover everything. Over the past two years, Fahrenheit has occupied a large part of our lives and has been an unforgettable interpersonal and intellectual adventure for the entire Quantic Dream team, during which we have repeatedly been forced to question many of the previously considered rigid principles . I would consider myself lucky if Fahrenheit - like books, films and songs that have left a lasting impression on you - also doesn't leave you completely unscathed. David Cage
THE README FILE
There is a ReadMe file on the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM where the license agreement and updated information about the game can be viewed. We encourage you to review this file to see any changes that have been made since this manual was printed. To view the file, double-click it in the Fahrenheit directory on your hard drive (usually C:\Program Files\Atari\Fahrenheit). You can also access the ReadMe file by first clicking on the Start button on the Windows® taskbar and then successively selecting “Programs”, “Atari”, “Fahrenheit” and finally the ReadMe file.
SETUP AND INSTALLATION
1. Start Windows® 2000/XP. 2. Insert the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM into the DVD-ROM drive. 3. If the AutoPlay option is enabled, the title screen should appear. If AutoPlay is not enabled or the installation does not start automatically, click the Start button on the Windows® taskbar and then click Run. Type D:\Setup, then click OK. Note: If your DVD-ROM drive is assigned a letter other than “D,” use it accordingly. 4. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation of the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM. 5. Once the installation is complete, click the Start button on the Windows® taskbar and select Programs/Atari/Fahrenheit/Fahrenheit to start the game. Note: The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM must be in the DVD-ROM drive to play.
This SERVICE MANUAL is intended to familiarize you with the installation and maintenance of the QIX TV entertainment machine. The gameplay is described on the front pages - in addition to important information on setup and maintenance. The subsequent service tips require general knowledge of microprocessors, TTL circuits and TV monitors. No repair of the electronic component should be attempted without knowledge of these areas. The final step is the electrical plans. We ask you to carefully follow the instructions in this manual to ensure that the machine functions satisfactorily.
The information and illustrations contained in this SERVICE MANUAL correspond to the status at the time of printing. CHANGES ARE SUBJECT TO TECHNICAL ADVANCES, BUT NO OBLIGATION TO RETROFIT! Please note when setting up
Transport damage
If external transport damage is visible, this must be reported immediately, recorded on a transport note and confirmed by the supplier (forwarding agent, federal railway, etc.). The manufacturer is not liable for transport damage! Mains voltage
The device is set for the mains voltage stated on the nameplate. For other mains voltages, the device transformer and the monitor transformer must be switched. According to VDE regulations, the device is equipped with a protective conductor connection and is only intended for dry rooms. In order for the coin system to work properly, the device must be set up horizontally and vertically. SERVICE TIPS
IMPORTANT! If an incomprehensible display appears on the monitor at any time, please switch the machine off briefly (unplug the power plug) and turn it on again. If the device does not work properly afterwards, a repair is necessary.
Pull out the power plug before repairing! During monitoring and testing: Do not touch live parts! Even when the device is switched off, the monitor can still carry dangerous voltage. ATTENTION HIGH VOLTAGE! There are around 20,000 volts at the anode connection of the picture tube. Only replace fuses with ones with the same values! A blown fuse signals that a component is overloaded. If the fuse is replaced with a higher quality one, serious damage can be caused. Replace components only with original spare parts. Never remove printed circuits/connections while the device is turned on. SERVICE MANUAL QIX
Gameplay
By pressing the corresponding start button, the game is started for one or (with a minimum credit of 2) for 2 players. You have to try to get a lot of area without crossing the path of the rotating QIX and without hitting the wandering SPARX. The course of the game is set in such a way that a minimum prescribed area must be occupied before you can tackle the next area (round). At the top of the screen, the timed SPARX are shown by red timing lines. When the red lines meet, additional SPARX are released. When alarmed, the SPARX become SUPER-SPARX and become more aggressive. If, while you are trying to draw your area, your marker enters the death spiral, it will be destroyed because you will not be able to cross or return to your own path. If you hesitate and do not complete your area, a fuse will be lit and your marker will be destroyed. Two speed settings are available. If the drawing speed is slow, the points are doubled. After opening the control panel, the 4 programming and test switches are accessible.
The QIX game is capable of self-testing, providing data and demonstrating that circuits and controls are working properly. For further information see “Service Program”. The volume can be adjusted using the volume control (VOLUME) on the Data/Sound PC board.
Programming and test switch: SUB-TEST
Function: Switch to the next lettering
Programming and test switch: TEST
Function: Switch to the next program step (display)
Programming and test switch: Up
Function: Reset to factory setting (until the lettering is green), enumeration by 1 step (when the lettering is green) Programming and test switch: Down
Function: counting down by 1 step
It is possible to install a coin counter in the device. One line to 412V DC supply. One line to connector J 15 - 13 on the ROM/IC board.
SERVICE PROGRAM
Generally. The 4 switches located in the device, the self-test button and the LEDs on the video PC board are used for programming and testing.
Programming display. This display is used to select the language (English, French, Spanish, German) in which the address programming and the game work. The languages can be set using the “Sub-Test” switch. When the desired language - green - appears, press the "Test" switch to switch to the next program display. Deployment programming. This display can be used to determine the difficulty factor for the game. Furthermore, a “maximum number of credits” that are allowed before the game starts can be set. The lettering to be changed is set by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch (appears green), the value desired for this line is programmed with the "Up" or "Down" switch. The factory or basic setting can be reached by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch several times. If the bottom line (RESET line) lights up green, press the "Up" switch. The values are reset, the pointer ( so called the lines that appear green) jumps to the first line, further programming can take place. "Test" always triggers the next program display. "Back" [reserve high score value x 10,000) is used to display the high score points to transmit the next program display up to "High hit rate so far". This value determines the required number of points/hits that a player needs so that his own initials (name) and the hit points can be entered on the screen. The "Maximum number of Credit" determines a coin acceptance limit for the device. If the limit is exceeded, coin acceptance is blocked - if coin lock is present. This allows a limited number of games to be set for a player. This value is from 1 - 99. It should not be set so close to 99 so that by inserting a coin the credits cannot become zero when adding over 99. A free spins mode can be selected by setting “Maximum Credits” to O. Further programming: "Number of games": Number of markers per credit
"Threshold": Level of the % number that must be reached in order to switch to the next pass
"Time Limit": Release for additional Sparx
"Difficulty": Level of difficulty of the gameplay
"Tightening tone": at "0" no tone when stationary
with "1" tone also in stationary operation (animated tone) "Table model": with "0" stand-alone device
at "1" table device
The credits per coin are set on the "slot programming" display. High score program display (highest hit rate to date). The player's hit points and initials appear, including the next 10 scores. The values are used to adjust to high scores selected on the previous display (set from "back"). By pressing the "Up" switch, the initials QIX Standard are set. By pressing the "Test" switch, the next program display appears. The "overall evaluation". By pressing the "Up" The switch can be set to 0. The following values are registered: Total credit: The number of credits paid. The total is not set to 0. When 1,000,000 is reached, the counting starts again. The total can only appear at 0 , if the battery or the plug connection W1 are removed, with the device switched off. Left-side coins: Number of coins inserted - in the left coin insertion slot. Middle coins: (not present) Right-side coins: Number of coins - inserted - in the right coin insertion slot. Credits Paid: Number of credits given for coins thrown in (converted). Credits Granted: Number of credits given by the device. % Free Spins: Credits Granted (Paid + Credits Granted per 100) Minutes Played: Number of minutes played. Minutes Won: Number of minutes when the game was extended or won. % Free Time: Minutes won/minutes played per 100. Average playing time in seconds: Minutes played/paid + credits granted
High Score: Number of times a player had high enough hit rates to push other players off the high score list. By pressing the "Up" switch, the values are set to 0. By pressing the “Test” switch, the next program display appears.
Slot programming/normal money setting. This display allows the operator to select a standard coin setting or to program a different setting
If a default setting is provided, pressing the "Up" and "Down" switches will select the programming while the top digit lights green on the screen. The size values change as the number changes. When the correct setting is reached by pressing the "Test" switch, the setting is adopted. If a setting is desired that does not correspond to the standard setting, the values can be adjusted by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch. After pressing once, the upper setting number is set to 0, which means that your own setting is possible. Since the lower values are unchanged, the programmer can reduce his tuning efforts by choosing a setting that is close to his desired values and changing only the values that are not appropriate. As soon as the setting has been made, any new size to be set can be selected by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch. If you press it unintentionally, the standard setting appears. The values can be increased or reduced using the “Up” and “Down” switches. The process is ended by pressing the “Test” switch. The coin multiplier ("coin unit") tells how many coin units are given for each coin inserted through an assigned slot. Coin Units - "Credit" shows the number of units required before a credit is issued. "Bonus" Coin Units shows the units required before a bonus credit is issued. "Min Coin" is a value that accumulates credits until a specified minimum amount of coins is reached. In the default setting this value is not used "0". CMOS MEMORY FAILURE
If "Memory Failure - Service Required" appears on the display, the CMOS RAM in which all programming is stored has failed. All values stored in the RAM are reset to factory defaults. This condition likely indicates battery failure or failure.
TROUBLESHOOTING and SETTINGS
Start of the test method. Press the "Sub-Test" switch or the "Self-Test" button (SW 1 near the LED display). All LEDs should light up and the hardware test can begin. The tests and settings can be entered into the respective program display , by pressing the "Test" switch the next program is displayed. If a continuous test of the video board is desired, the self-test button must be pressed twice so that the video test begins in the auto-test mode. With this program, the device will run the hardware test continuously until it is turned off. When the "Open Coin Door to Test" display appears, the program connector J 19, 1 - 2 must be plugged in. If connector J 19 is removed, the memory is protected and the CMOS RAM test video cannot be carried out. Hardware tests: These tests are carried out as follows: O = off / I = on / X = test results
The ROM checksum calculates the checksum of each video ROM and compares it with the checksum stored for that ROM. If there is a difference, the device stops and the value of the ROM with the incorrect checksum appears on the LEDs. If the checksum ROM is incorrect, U 10 is displayed first. If this test fails, the next ROM shown on the LED display must be replaced. The E-PROM memory in a given game can be introduced as banks (series) of either 2716 or 2732 E-PROM's. The E-PROM type for each series is selected by the decode connector (26-00002-016 for 2716 or 26-00002-032 for 2732). Communications RAM from the video board
The Communications RAM test determines the reliability of memory shared by two processors by storing predetermined series of numbers in RAM and then checking whether the storage was correct. LED value: 00 0010 If the device stops with the above display, an error has been detected. If the communications RAMs fail during the video board test, the error may be caused by defective wiring (RAM) or errors in the data board. To locate the error, remove the data board from P 6 and repeat the test. A failure means: Error in U 3, U 4 or associated circuits.
Video board CMOS RAM
After values are written to another part of memory, the CMOS RAM is checked in the same manner as the Communications RAM. If the test is passed, all memory locations are reset to their previous values. LED value: 00 0011 If the device stops with the above display, there is an error. In this case, check U 85 and U 86 and the associated circuits or decoding.
Check video board color RAM by storing predetermined number sequences in the color RAM. These numbers are checked for accuracy when read back. LED value: 00 0100 If this value is displayed, there is an error. Check U 56, U 57, associated multiplexers and decoders.
Video board (display RAM). The display RAM is checked by writing a pattern on each page. The results of these enrollments are compared with the original sample. Any discrepancy causes the program to stop and the LEDs indicate the faulty RAM. If a display RAM fails, determine the problem and replace the RAM. If this error diagnosis does not indicate a RAM failure (00 0101 on LEDs), it is indicated that the next test is beginning (Data Hardware). The connection to the data processor must be present and it must be functional.
Unfortunately disappointed
The jacket arrived after 2 days with AMAZON logistics. That's also the reason for star number 1. The 2nd for the fact that the correct jacket arrived without any noticeable seam errors. BUT I was probably looking forward to this jacket too much because the disappointment was even greater. Based on the other reviews, I ordered the jacket in L. Since it's supposed to fit so tightly and I didn't want to fight my way into an S or M given my bust size.... In the end, it would have fit in terms of length and hips... the rest of the time I could swim. In addition, the lining material came towards you as soon as you opened the package and spread everywhere. It's just a shame. It will be sent back :/
Fast delivery and good workmanship
The jacket makes a great impression. We were surprised by the good workmanship. You can easily wear them from both sides. We ordered them for our daughter, she is absolutely thrilled. She usually wears the 158 and in this case the 36 fits her quite well and will definitely be worn next year. We can recommend an order.
Robust quality
I chose the rubber pad c because I always work with wood on the jack and that's not ideal. Unfortunately I measured myself and the edition doesn't quite fit. But that's my mistake. Then I changed something slightly to make it fit. The pad seems very robust and the edges are no longer damaged. You can use the groove or the entire area. Worked without any problems. Nothing slips anymore. I would buy it again right away.
Unfortunately too big for under 1 year old
The product itself is okay, but not for less than a year. Because the area for chewing is much too large for the small mouth. We got it when our son was 7 months old and he couldn't use it because of the size. Now that he's 12 months old, we've picked it out again and he can use it. He hasn't been able to bite anything yet with the few teeth he already has. And when he was in the fridge, it calmed him down a lot.
Quality not sufficient / unfortunately going back
I was probably blinded by the sometimes exuberant reviews here. I would like to say in advance that I already use two Lowepro backpacks. One very large (for storing equipment) and one quite small for the most important, everyday things that you take with you. Because I just bought the Sigma 70-200 2.8, the little Lowepro has finally become too small and I need a replacement. I bought this backpack at Prime Day for a very affordable price (just under EUR 29) and I was actually very happy about this purchase, as I had read many of the reviews in advance. When the backpack arrived yesterday, disillusionment followed: The backpack isn't bad for under 30 EUR, you can't say that. But that (as written in many reviews) it can keep up with the well-known products that are sold at much higher prices.... Guys, that's simply not true! I really hoped that would be the case, but that's really out of the question. The padded walls are much thinner and don't offer as much protection as my Lowepro. Oh, the separations inside are of a different caliber, much more flimsy. Overall, the feel of this backpack cannot be compared to that of my Lowepro. The zippers and the materials of the compartments for small items are also not exactly high quality. That's why I decided to return the backpack. If I buy equipment worth many thousands of euros, then unfortunately I also have to spend the money on a decent backpack. Apparently quality has its price here. The backpack is definitely a good choice for someone who doesn't want to spend a lot of money, but not for me. And it's not like the decision was difficult for me. When I unpacked the backpack, I knew after 2 minutes that it was going back. What I liked is the color inside. You'll definitely find your things much quicker here than with a gray interior. For someone who has different requirements for a backpack, the backpack is definitely a great thing, but mine is going back.
Unfortunately disappointed with the third part
So far I've enjoyed EL Todd's Electrics series the best, but this book changed my opinion. I found the first two books very strong and recommended and was really looking forward to the third part. The whole thing is about Volt and Taylor's feelings and I found it unnecessarily drawn out. Taylor has been raving about Volt for so long, finally admits everything to herself and then every time there's an argument she's like a little child and disappears?! At the same time there were also disagreements, in my opinion, because at the end of the second part Volt tried to convince Taylor's ex and didn't believe him when he said that Taylor was into him and tried to convince the ex that Taylor couldn't do it without him and he heard it myself. But at the beginning of the third part, Volt seems to have forgotten everything and is fighting for Taylor. I was hoping that this would be the last part of the series and I think that this part is the weakest and at the same time quite unnecessary. I will still read the fourth part and hope that it will finally come out that Taylor's girlfriend Sarah is Volt's ex. That would bring more tension into the story.
People destroy everything, don't appreciate anything and don't learn anything! First of all: The film isn't as bad as many people write. Sure, of course the story is totally constructed and always based on the same formula. Once you've seen the beginning, you know what the end is like. And the message is always the same: people destroy everything, and don't appreciate anything, and don't learn anything! And that's exactly what the film wants to tell us! How often have I thought about this film (even though I know it's just a film and the animals come from the computer): Oh my God, the poor animals, they often bring tears to your eyes . So Jurassic World The Fallen Kingdom is really well done. It's just a shame that people just don't get the message behind the film, even though it's a mainstream film. We consistently destroy animals and the environment and ultimately our planet and ourselves. Out of greed and greed, and out of stupidity and arrogance! Empathy for the environment and living beings: none. 4 stars because the film is well made, but unfortunately always based on the same principle, otherwise it would have been 5 stars. Nevertheless, well-made popcorn cinema.
a quiet, sensitive film
Some expect a film à la 8 Mile. This film is not a Hollywood blockbuster and doesn't even want to be. This film is above all "French" - it is also calm, sensitive, empathetic, authentic and will make you cry - if you get involved with it and don't expect anything from it that it doesn't want to be.
Problematic
Tastes like Quench from the 90s, maybe orange, but that doesn't matter. A packet every morning for 5 days: nothing moved, but absolutely nothing. My waist circumference has grown by 12 cm! Flatulence like never before! Then diarrhea 5-8 times a day. Not very helpful, unfortunately despite stopping it immediately the diarrhea has persisted for a week. It should be noted that for the smaller packaging size only 2 stars were given (unfortunately only seen too late), for the larger one a full 5? This is very very strange!
terrible smell and poor results! I dyed my blonde hair a chocolate brown with an intense dye in October and used this hair color remover in February/March. I have used the product twice. The first time I noticed it, it smelled terrible! However, the result wasn't too bad; it came out roughly chestnut brown (slightly darker). Since I didn't achieve the result I wanted, I used it again, as in the instructions, even if I wasn't satisfied with the result. This time it was a waste of time! It made no difference, my hair looked like it did the first time. Worst of all, it still smelled weeks after using it. No matter how many times I washed my hair, the smell just wouldn't go away.
Highly recommended
I have been taking the tablets for a long time now and always take one tablet every 5 days. My vitamin levels have been in the basement for a long time due to my work, too little exercise and a long-term additional illness. I wanted to give my immune system a boost not only through a healthy diet but also by taking vitamin D3 and K2. This also works in a very good way. I feel fitter and much more comfortable. I sleep better and get out of bed easier. The price is also great because you also have to consider how long you can take the tablets. Highly Recommended.
Doesn't function perfectly!!! After using the battery case for 3 months, I discovered the following major defects, which I find very annoying: 1) Over time, the case has problems "connecting" to the cell phone. This means that it no longer charges even though you have pressed the "Power On/Off" button for 3 seconds. If you remove the cell phone from the case and put it back in, you solve the problem in 70% of cases, but this creates a new defect. 2) By frequently removing and reinstalling the cell phone in the case, the cover has become so worn that it detaches itself from the case, which is why I almost lost it several times. There aren't many major defects, but I think that a case with a battery should work perfectly and that's why I'm very disappointed with the product for the cost of €30, especially because I've only had it for 3 months use.
Way too expensive, too thin and disappointing
I don't know how all these good reviews come about. Ultimately, it is actually a glasses cleaning cloth that you can get as a gift in a slightly smaller form from any optician. The cleaning effect is as good as a kitchen towel and no better. I expected a lot more from these cloths - they are also really, really thin. Since I've used it, I can't exchange it anymore. I'm disappointed and I can't recommend it. The price for these wipes is way over the top. You can't afford more than 2 euros.
I doubt the frequency response
I bought this speaker for the shower when my smaller, free speaker that I received as a promotional gift unfortunately broke. Basically, the Onforu works great, is waterproof (I dropped it in the shower), reproduces bass like bass, Bluetooth works great... Of course you have to water the suction cup, otherwise it comes loose... it can reproduce sound very loudly... yes... what I'm critical of is the frequency response of this small speaker. As I said, bass is reproduced as bass and not converted to a higher frequency. However, this causes a problem. Some frequencies are played very loudly, while others remain very quiet. While some frequencies of the singing almost hurt your ears, higher and lower frequencies are just audible enough. My old speaker didn't reproduce bass well as bass, but the frequencies were represented fairly naturally in volume. Unfortunately, this isn't really the case with Onforu, which I find a bit annoying. That's why I have to deduct a star. I expected more from the frequency response.
very bad
The paint was chipped in a few places and if you just walked over it with your hand, the paint came off in some places. We wanted to have them picked up free of charge because we no longer wanted them, but unfortunately only at our expense. They would only replace the damaged parts but as if both dressers were damaged. Poor service from the manufacturer Amazon did everything for us and transferred the money back to us. PRAISE to Amazon
It's better to spend a little more money
The price is relatively low, which is reflected in the quality. Individual parts are delivered which you have to glue together yourself. The product was packaged in a simple envelope made of thin cardboard. There was no further protection. Because the postman literally stuffed the product into my mailbox, a few stencils were damaged. I didn't complain about it as I urgently needed this product. The included adhesive barely sticks, but it sticks well - like chewing gum that doesn't harden. Just one day after gluing, almost half of the stencils had fallen off the wooden stick. Since the adhesive material does not dry out (at least it still wasn't dry 5 days after gluing), you have to be very careful that everything doesn't stick together. Some of the stencils are incompletely punched out. OK for one-time use and as a gag for a party, but for a wedding I would invest a little more money and go for a high-quality product.
I'm not dissatisfied. The cabinet looks good and is easy to assemble, even if the instructions are not that clear. + Magnetic clasps + Nice look + Stable when assembled + Shelf can be positioned anywhere
- Doors slam due to magnets (can perhaps be compensated for with rubber nubs) - some unclean places
- the dowels supplied are much too small and wobble (I didn't have any others and since there wasn't a trophy in the house, I stuck them on with craft glue) - the holders for the shelf wobble a bit (I wrapped it with some paper and balanced it out) Conclusion: If it doesn't If it looked so good and had such good dimensions, I would give fewer stars because you have to make everything fit to be really satisfied. I also find it a bit too expensive for that.
I like the coffee...but
...there are only 3 stars. The taste is subjectively good, but in my opinion the original capsules are better (but also significantly more expensive). In this respect I would have given it 5*. Unfortunately, the coffee doesn't flow evenly (if at all!). The additional plastic waste (individually packaged, see photo) also means a star deduction for me. I hope the manufacturer changes this and gets full points soon.
It's getting on my nerves
The alarm clock arrived quickly and everything is easy to set up. But: the natural noises sound terrible, and extremely loud. I couldn't turn it down either. Probably a defect, supposedly that's possible. The quietest radio setting was too loud for me and I immediately fell out of bed. In addition, the darkest display setting is so bright that you can conjure up shadows on the wall with your hand. I always woke up facing the alarm clock because I thought it was already morning. However, when the time came and the sunrise simulation began, it was immediately too bright for me. I found the colors and the color change beautiful, unfortunately you cannot dim the colored light. I also liked that it has a battery so that the clock and alarm time don't have to be re-entered in the event of a power outage. But returned for the reasons mentioned.
Light great, workmanship inadequate
I replaced four light bulbs in the house with these lamps. Unfortunately I was only able to replace four because the other two were delivered without a socket - instead there was a circuit board laughing at me... There was nothing in the box either. “Pay 6, get 4” is not a good deal. I'm sure Amazon would have sorted this out quickly and accommodatingly, but I only discovered this after the return period. So I see it as my mistake and live with it. Nevertheless, it is not a good indication of the quality of these lamps - so far the only reason for deducting two stars. The light itself is great. The rooms are now very bright and evenly lit. The light color is more towards cold white. Perfect for hallways, study rooms, workrooms, laundry rooms, etc. Personally, I would choose warmer light for living rooms. Quite comparable to a good old 100 watt bulb. However, other lamps can do this too and I may also be able to get intact examples from them according to the order. If my review is of any help, I would be happy to receive a positive review. I try to answer questions quickly.
Great
I have received gestures and I would like to share my first look. Yes, positive. I thought for a long time whether I should order this set or not. ** The material is stable and it fits well in the hand. **The utensils all have a hole on the handle so that they can be hung up ** The soft silicone does not scratch expensive cookware and pots and is particularly practical to use on pans with a coating. **They are heat resistant and can be used up to 440℉. **They also do not transmit heat and can therefore be touched directly. **However, the dishwasher sometimes leaves water stains on the black silicone. But a quick wipe and they're gone. Finally I have to say that I am very surprised and I can only recommend
B-stock sold as new
Amazon Prime shipping is simply great. Delivery within 24 hours. Then the shock, unpacked the faucet and checked all the parts. We discovered that the part had already been installed. We noticed significant scratches and abrasions on all assembly parts. The screw connections/connections of the hoses were all damaged. Nevertheless, we installed the part in the sink (unfortunately). Only now did we see that there were scratch marks/streaks on the chrome-plated faucet itself. This part has probably already been delivered and returned. We keep this faucet and install it in the sink in the basement because it doesn't matter what it looks like. Our conclusion; We will never order such goods from Amazon again, but would rather spend a little more at the hardware store where we get decent goods. I just find it sad that customers are being ripped off like this!!!
Product itself is great, unfortunately the external sensor broke after just 6 months
In principle I am very satisfied with this product. The installation was very easy and the radio range is also very good, and there are no problems with the transmission from inside to outside. I also find the design of the device appealing. It is very simple and can either be mounted on the wall or set up like a small picture frame. The only annoying thing is that after about half a year of use, the device that measures the values externally seems to be broken. The thermometer still seems to be intact and plausible values are still displayed here. The hygrometer, on the other hand, is probably gone because it always displays completely astronomical values of the outside air humidity. This is a shame because the device was installed in a protected place on the outside and is also the reason why I only give this product two stars.
Strong mower with a weak grass catcher
Apart from the fact that the first attempt at delivery as of today is still happily driving through the Republic with Hermes without finding the way to me or back to Amazon, Amazon's service in triggering a replacement delivery was excellent as always. The mower arrived quickly and made a good impression. The motor is powerful and the result is a beautiful cut image. The volume isn't exactly impressively low, but it's ok. Unfortunately, the big drawback is the catch basket. On the one hand, it is only made of hard plastic at the top and bottom and made of fabric in between. If you put it down for a short time, it will of course be compressed and parts of the contents will fall out. But what's worse is that the actually practical level indicator shows red even when the collecting basket is half full. That wouldn't be so bad if the mower didn't lose large parts of the clippings from then on. Always emptying the basket on a large lawn when it is only half full cannot be the solution. Therefore, I cleaned the device as best as possible and sent it back. Conclusion: Basically a very good mower, but the unfortunate design of the grass catcher makes it unusable for me.
Good device for monitoring
I have two of these devices. The device can be easily integrated via the app. The included plug-in sensor cable is very good and can also be extended if necessary. The device is solidly constructed. Room temperature and humidity are displayed, but to protect the battery they are only displayed in the app once to three times a day (adjustable). I only give 4 stars for the following reasons. - The soft back panel of the device, which also closes the battery compartment, is very difficult to close again. - One of the two devices is in a room with fairly thick walls. This device loses connection to the network every 1 to 2 weeks. Unfortunately, the device does not reconnect itself, even if you place it near the router. You have to take the batteries out and put them back in after a short break, then it will connect again. This should actually work without removing the battery. There is always an alarm if the connection is lost. - The alarm sound could be a little louder.
3D printer Prusa i3 DIY
I ordered this 3D printer because I wanted to use it for my own projects. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to level the hotbed properly yet. The right rear locking screw is fully tightened but the hotbed is still too high there and the screw on the front right basically falls out because it is not tightened at all even though the hotbed is still too low. The bars that hold the cart are straight, as is the table. Maybe someone knows what you can do because it's impossible to print anything like this. About the construction: The construction was quite problem-free. You could only show how to lay the cables because otherwise you would have to re-lay them several times, which is very tiring. I've already contacted support but after waiting a week I still haven't received an answer. Unfortunately, it is no longer possible to send it back. I was expecting something more.
Robust and precise, I was pleasantly surprised
My old caliper unfortunately gave up the ghost after many years, so a new one was needed. This one makes a very robust impression and is just as precise after several test measurements. Two batteries are included so you can get started right away. The packaging of the slider is simple, but fully serves its purpose. Otherwise, the slider leaves nothing to be desired and has all the necessary measuring methods. I can only give it full marks and I think it will last at least as long as the old caliper. There is a clear purchase recommendation from mit and a good measuring instrument simply belongs in every household.
Disgusting, persistent smell
I bought the bracelet and haven't worn it for the time being because it gives off a disgusting smell. To this day, this smell has not gone away, even though it has been constantly "ventilated". After it was no longer possible to return it, I threw it away. Advise against purchasing
OK for the price
The stars and balls on this chain are a bit too big for me personally, so it looks quite massive. The larger balls are freely movable, which I think is really nice. However, the chain is very simply made overall, so much so that I have already torn the clasp open twice. So far I've been able to repair it again and again, but I don't think it will work/last long. But for the low price you simply can't expect anything really high quality.
Very nice piece of jewelry
A beautifully crafted bracelet - and the simple clasp actually holds! You just have to pull the end through your mouth, it won't come open, amazing! I rubbed it with a little leather care product, which makes it a little softer and more supple. Only: if you have something magnetic on your arm: the clasp is made of steel!
Unfortunately, junk! I was disappointed as soon as I unpacked it because the small displays on the transmitters were all scratched, so I had the feeling that they were used goods. The base station was fine. Now to the function: It only connects after a bit of fiddling... if you follow the instructions it doesn't work at all, only after I removed a battery from the base station and reinserted it did the transmitters finally connect. Unfortunately, my joy didn't last long because after just an hour the connection was lost again, even though the transmitters were next to the base station. The display of the three channels was also very different! All in all, of no use to me! The thing was returned! I would definitely advise against buying it, it will only bring trouble!
Transport damage
Hello, I've had this garden pump before, unfortunately after 3.5 years the thread on the internal shaft had rusted. I only bought it again for one reason, I needed it urgently because of the current drought and I knew the connections for the suction line and the discharge line would fit. I hope that the shaft on the previous pump had a production defect and that the current pump will last a little longer. Unfortunately, the new pump was damaged during transport, the plastic housing was cracked and the ventilation slots were broken. The box was also damaged on the outside, so I would recommend packing the pump a little better in the future rather than just using a thin-walled box. I still kept the pump because, as described above, I needed the pump urgently and the cracks in the plastic housing did not affect the pump performance.
Could have been thought through better. Since I often have to deal with a lot of different keys, I thought an organizer like this would be more pleasant than walking around with a huge bunch of keys all the time. At first everything went quite well. However, the paint came off quite quickly and the screws always had to be tightened. It's nice that you can do this with a cent coin, but also only with a cent coin. I couldn't find a suitable slotted screwdriver that didn't immediately ruin the entire screw. Now to come to the most annoying part of the whole thing: attaching the keys. It's nice that you can set the screw to different sizes or lengths thanks to the different parts, but once you've screwed the whole thing together, you'll need pliers to take the whole thing apart again. Attaching the keys itself is simply a game of patience, balance and skill. Ultimately, the third time I installed it, the screw broke off in the thread, making the entire thing unusable. Conclusion: If at all, all the keys you need only once and then never again, but at that price you can also buy a cheaper alternative.
Do not quite correspond to the specified dimensions
Smooth-running zippers, the material appears robust and everything is featherweight. Since I don't have anything to compare it to (my first organizer set), I won't be able to actually judge the product until I use it for the first time. I can say in advance that the height is lower than stated. At the moment I can't really imagine packing everything there for a three-week vacation, for example. If necessary, the really large parts can go straight into the suitcase - as before. It should also be noted that not 8, but 10 pieces were delivered, as the round cosmetic bag contained two smaller bags/bags. Not of high quality, but I still wanted to mention that. The fact that the cosmetic bag has a different color and is made of different material than the other bags doesn't bother me personally. I see the price-performance ratio as a trial price and that's ok.
So-so
So, ordered before Christmas and it worked until after Christmas. Now when I wanted to use it again, it wouldn't. Battery? Exchanged. But it still doesn't work. So I could have thrown the money straight into the trash can.
Care is always good! It's easy to use, but you should be very careful with the brush so as not to damage the needle. I couldn't hear any improvement in the sound with my very high quality turntable.
Long battery life
The headphones are wonderfully protected. There were two black cables included. The battery life lasts for a very long time. Definitely completely sufficient sound. I liked that the headphones don't hurt even after wearing them for a long time and are therefore very comfortable. The earcups are totally soft and comfortable to wear. The weight is also kept very low. Buy recommendation in this price range.
nice dress
Very nice dress that is easy to wear for a wide variety of occasions. Price-performance ratio is completely in line here, especially since I also bought it in a flash offer. It fits my size perfectly, I'm glad I didn't order it smaller (it was recommended). I just wish that the neckline wasn't so deep, and the sleeves could also use a little more fabric (if you don't have as narrow upper arms as the model in the picture). But all in all a chic dress for many occasions.
Hands off. It couldn't be worse. I really and seriously didn't expect such junk to be sold these days. The drive is operated on a high-end Asus ROG Strix Scar II gaming laptop. It can be assumed that the USB ports supply sufficient power. Nevertheless, trouble-free operation of this drive is not possible. DVD normally works, Blu-rays are recognized unreliably. The discs have to be inserted several times, after which they make noises that have not been heard since the 90s from old PCs and the very first CD-ROM drives. After minutes you can either restart the computer because it won't work anymore or the disc will finally be recognized. But then under no circumstances can you press pause or jump to a chapter or change the language or anything during the film. This immediately leads to an unrecoverable freeze. In addition, of course no Blu-ray software is included. If you buy PowerDVD or something similar for a fee, the price of this drive doubles.
Does what it's supposed to do, but it's not pretty. First of all, I would like to point out that the two USB ports are actually window dressing, because only the port that faces up is a USB port. The other plug is only there to charge devices and is therefore relatively useless. I didn't know that when I bought it, which is why I was a little disappointed. I actually needed a second port and if I had just needed a plain extension, I certainly wouldn't have bought this misshapen lump with gold connectors. But apart from the appearance and my misjudgment, the extension does its job very reliably. And due to the weight of the plug, the inserted USB stick doesn't just dangle around like a normal extension cord. So it's not really a bad buy, but my euphoria is limited :-).
Small but mighty! I bought this product so that I can have an audio output on the iPad (Pro) and connect a display. With IOS 12 you can now move data back and forth. This works very well. Furthermore, the audio output was as expected. Unfortunately, other adapters that I had to send back were not able to do this. The HDMI output is practical. I now have a PS4 controller via BT on the tablet and the HDMI on the TV. Simultaneous charging is not a problem. Sound is delivered via HDMI. What else do I use my PlayStation for :P It came with a small adapter that can be attached to the tablet. This is intended to provide stability and also has a magnetic holder. The adapter doesn't fit with my case. Well, it also holds securely and has contact with it... All in all, it's a bit expensive but justified by the full range of functions. In addition, the whole thing is very small and sturdy, made in one piece of aluminum. Price performance fits.
Lots of performance
Top device. Has been running for months without any problems. It's not exactly light or quiet, but it performs well. I find the middle temperature setting (Tp setting) to be a bit too cool and that's why I always use level 2. It has also fallen on the tiled floor several times and survived well. And I like the simple design too. Competitive products tend to look like spaceships.
Very good
The workmanship of the brush head left a very good impression, although the price difference compared to the original is very large, but it does not make a favorable impression. In use, the feeling of a high-quality process is confirmed. Overall, I found these brushes very good and can be recommended without reservation.
Great product with weak battery
We have had the tracker for about 6 months and are pleasantly surprised. In live mode, the tracking feels accurate to within 0.5m. However, in offline mode when the dog is in the house, he likes to jump a few meters, but this is not annoying. I would buy it again at any time. What would be great, however, would be a battery that lasts longer. Currently it lasts about 1.5 hour days. A solution that would last 7-14 days would be great. There is an XL version but unfortunately it is too big for our taste. The battery shouldn't last that long and we find it impractical to change it every day. You should concern yourself with the dog, not with its collar :-) . The app also worked perfectly.
Garbage after a few weeks
We have already ordered the shoes in several sizes. They fit well and seem comfortable too. However, the lifespan is decreasing more and more. Although my son only wears the shoes in sports class, the sole breaks after just a few weeks and the shoes can no longer be used. The last pair also didn't last very long in normal use, but I thought it would be enough for teaching. Unfortunately, it was not like that. The shoes are expensive garbage and absolutely not recommended.
Fits perfectly - but original? Unfortunately, my last pair of Crocs broke after 5 years, so I was happy to order new ones. Unfortunately, these are poorly made at first glance. They are just as comfortable as the ones I owned before. At first glance there doesn't seem to be any difference, but at second glance you can see that the edges are poorly made and the strap on the heel is quite loose and will most likely not last five years like my previous ones. I am excited!
Surprisingly good
Since there are hardly any reviews here, I was very skeptical at first. However, since I'm going to a festival this year and would like to sleep in the car, I ordered them based on luck. The delivery included the mattress and a car air pump. About the mattress: I put it in the car (Citroen Berlingo) as a test. I noticed that there was some mold on one side. I wiped it away and hope it doesn't show up again. A lying test was carried out immediately while inflated. It's easy to lie on and goes great with the festival. Of course, this mattress cannot replace your own bed, but it is pure luxury for days at the event. The mattress fits perfectly in my car. Previously we took out the seats at the back. So it fits perfectly. The air pump: The air pump has different adapters. The mattress requires two different adapters, which can also be found on the pump. The pump is plugged into the car's cigarette lighter. However, the plug was defective (something at the soldering point). Since my friend is a handyman, he was able to repair it and put it back together, the good thing worked great and inflated the mattress in no time. Overall, I am very pleased with the mattress. I'm looking forward to the acid test at the festival. I hope that it doesn't lose air and lasts a long time. Likewise, that mold does not reappear. After testing it, I can definitely recommend it. If I have other experiences, I will revise the review accordingly (if possible).
Definitely not worth more than €10... Unfortunately the calendar only gets two stars from me. :( 1. For fast shipping. 2. For the idea of the toy. Unfortunately, due to the ridiculous workmanship, the calendar was torn open over several doors on day 1. On the 21st door there were no doors left and I more or less had to mine Allow my son to take out the remaining parts because they were already there for him. The parts often come out mixed up, which often means that you have to disassemble the car again in order to put the parts on. After the car is completely together As it is built, parts fall off when playing. (Most of all the front window. This is also very difficult to reattach.) I would not buy this calendar again and would not recommend it to anyone else. The manufacturers may rethink the way they design the calendar have for the next issue and make it better. :\
a real drone
I am thrilled with the drone. My 7 year old daughter flies with it. It flies very well indoors and the 5 minute flight time is usually enough. Given the price, I didn't expect hair to get caught in it and the drone to break very quickly, but falls from the ceiling onto the floor, regardless of whether it's tiles or carpet, are no problem. If you have any questions, please contact me.
Game ok but only playable if you have to use Steam. When I bought it I didn't see that it wasn't a game CD but just a code with which you could download the game. That would be fine so far, but you are forced to install Steam in order to be able to play it, which is an outrage. Since then, the computer has been constantly hanging, which would certainly not be the case if the game had just been installed.
Unfortunately, it fails due to the battery life
I was really looking forward to the watch. Design and optics great, messages etc. were displayed without any problems. Operation worked well... and I'm still sending it back. The big catch: the battery and its running time. Charged in the evening, left in the closet overnight and 11% less battery in the morning when not in use. If there were a lot of messages during the day, the battery would be exhausted by midday/early afternoon and then you can't even read the time anymore. Therefore not useful for me. Very unfortunate.
Noble case with limitations
You should definitely get a case for the slippery Samsung Galaxy S10+. I recently liked cases in which you can also put your credit card. This is what the case offers here. If you put cards in all 3 compartments, it will be too much and the lid will be a little high. One is enough for me. The leather case makes a robust impression and appears to be well made. She looks classy. In contrast to many other cases, the cell phone is embedded all around, there are only recesses at the ports. Otherwise, you can easily operate the on/off switch and volume control on the sides through the case. The disadvantage is that on some QI chargers it is not possible to charge the phone due to the thickness of the case. It doesn't even work on the QI leather charging station from TORRO. Accessories - like the Galaxy Buds - can only be charged when the case is off. Otherwise really chic and well made!
High-quality case with tempered glass film
Robust case with real tempered glass to protect the screen in a classic design offers all-round protection for the entire iPhone 11. Fits very well and can also be easily opened. The material is comfortable to hold and does not get dirty. A really successful and beautiful product with a very good price-performance ratio. This case gives the phone some support. It's not too bulky and fits snugly on the phone. Overall a good purchase.
