Diego Cocca to become new national coach of Mexico
In the summer of 2026, Mexico will host the World Cup together with the USA and Canada, with 48 teams for the first time. Cocca will succeed Gerardo Martino, whose contract was not extended after the early exit from the World Cup in Qatar. The 50-year-old was not one of the favourites for the position until just a few days ago. He had only taken over as coach of the Mexican club Tigres in November. His surprising appointment as national coach caused anger in the club.
Geesthacht: New garden signs are intended to encourage replanting
Franko Stein (FD Umwelt, left) and Friedhelm Ringe (Nabu) put the plant signs in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone.
The "Geesthacht blüht auf" (Geesthacht is blooming) campaign also includes information about what is currently blooming - currently in white and pink.
Geesthacht. "Geesthacht is blooming" is an action by the Nabu in cooperation with the town administration. With the help of many volunteers from clubs, schools, day care centers, companies and institutions, thousands of flower bulbs and plants have been planted since 2015. The goal: large areas of flowering islands are to be created in the Geesthachter town area, where insects can find food at all times. "In favorable weather conditions, bees fly out in January to search for food," says Friedhelm Ringe from the Geesthachter Nabu. He has beehives on his property.
In order to ensure that this project is not just an action by environmentalists and the city's environmental department, but that it also reaches private gardens, explanatory signs are being put up for the plants. There are now around 50 signs. Passers-by are supposed to be able to find out what is currently in bloom. The hope is that hobby gardeners will then plant these flowers at home.
The season started at Wildhasel in the first week of January
More recently, shrubs such as the winter-scented hedge and the winter snowball have been planted in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone. They have been in the ground in the pots on Bergedorer Straße for a year now, and are just starting to show their first delicate white and pink flowers without leaves. They have also recently been given additional signs. "The winter-scented hedge is a very broad-leaved shrub and can grow between two and three metres high and wide," it reads there, along with other information about the suitable location.
Friedhelm Ringe emphasises that it is not just the garden plants that are now showing off their flowers. The season for wild hazel started in the first week of January. It is particularly lush in the Richtweg, on the incline, in Gutenbergstraße, Wilhelm-Holert-Straße, Fahrendofer Weg and many other places.
Ernestine is 102 years old: "Steppen keeps me young"
Munich - Dance god Fred Astaire would surely be proud of her if he looked down from heaven onto Munich's Ostbahnhof!
Every Monday, three ladies meet at the "Mandolin Motion Show Academy" at 3 pm for a lively tap dance - together they are an incredible 277 years old, sorry young!
The oldest of them is Ernestine Stauchner, who recently celebrated her 102nd birthday.
For the native Munich woman (born 15 January 1921) from the Schwanthaler Höhe, Monday is the highlight of the week. "Dancing and stepping is my life, I can't imagine life without it."
Along with Ernestine, Eva-Maria Stolze (almost 97) and Elfriede Widmann (79) are also swinging their dance legs.
The 97-year-old was born in Jena (Thüringen) in 1926. She was a soubrette, today we would say a musical performer, and worked with the legendary Marika Rökk. "I have spent my life dancing, acting and singing".
At 79 years old, Elfriede Widmann is something of a chick in the round of steppers. She says: "We just have fun here with our dance teacher Sissy Engl".
Wikipedia: Tap dance was developed in the 19th century in the USA and is now known all over the world. Two metal plates, which are more durable than the wooden soles that were used at first, are attached to the front and back of the shoes. These plates produce rhythmic sounds when the dancer taps their feet, which match the visual impression and the music. The dancer thus becomes a percussion musician. The English term for this is tap dance and the French term is claquettes. Flamenco dance from Spain may have influenced tap dance. The tips of the shoes are nailed so that they produce a clearly audible sound when the dancer taps their feet.
77-year-old Sissi Engl is the soul of the dance studio at Ostbahnhof. She is an actress, dancer and choreographer. "We are one big family, where young and old, big and small are welcome".
And what is the recipe for such a long life? "Movement keeps me young," says the 102-year-old to BILD. Her advice to everyone: "Sport, healthy eating and no alcohol."
Analog in Dialogue - The Limits of the Digital
With the progress of digitalisation, many people are rediscovering the joys of analogue
The speed with which our everyday life became digital left us hardly any time to establish rules for dealing with it and to adapt our communication and working methods to it, says DNN columnist Claudia Muntschick.
Dresden. If you wanted to make a phone call in Bautzen in 1985, there were three possibilities. Either you were one of the six percent of the lucky ones who had a private connection. Or you were one of those who had someone from this exclusive group in the neighbourhood and could phone your relatives there for a bottle of Radeberger. Or you looked for a telephone booth. The smell of the plastic headset and the clicking of the coins in the machine are unforgettable. My biggest dream was to be able to see the other person's face when I called - video telephony, I thought, what a great thing that would be!
How to proceed in Moldova? 14 days for a new government
In Moldova, the President Maia Sandu has tasked the former Minister of the Interior Dorin Recean with forming a government.
The 48-year-old economic expert now has 14 days to do so. Until now, Recean has been one of the President's advisors.
After only a year and a half in office, Prime Minister Natalia Gavrilita resigned unexpectedly. The pro-European head of government was under massive pressure, as she herself announced as an explanation for her resignation - apparently she was opposed by pro-Russian forces.
The President thanked Gavrilita for her "enormous sacrifice".
Moldova is a neighboring country of Ukraine and is suffering from the economic consequences of the war. Inflation is over 40 percent and the small republic has taken in tens of thousands of refugees from Ukraine.
In the parliament in Chisinau, the pro-European PAS (Party of Action and Solidarity) founded by President Sandu has a comfortable majority, as it occupies 63 of the 101 seats. The confirmation of the new head of government and his cabinet should therefore not be a problem.
However, pro-European politicians have lost popularity in Moldova over the past months, while pro-Russian ones have become more popular, with support from the Kremlin.
These were the costumes of the celebrities
In 2023, Veitshöchheim will celebrate properly again. The 5th season is in full swing and the celebrities were not hard to convince.
The father of the state, Markus Söder, did not come as Moses, as his costume might suggest. He sees himself more as the tribal elder of Bavaria. His wife Karin Baumüller-Söder was by his side.
Bavaria's Minister for the Environment and Consumer Protection, Thorsten Glauber, has chosen the children's hero Chase from Paw Patrol for his costume.
From the depths of the sea to Franconia came Minister of Justice Georg Eisenreich and his wife Anja.
Completely out of this world: Minister for Science and Art, Markus Blume, is heading into space.
Ilse Aigner, President of the Bavarian State Parliament, chose none other than "Mama Bavaria" as her costume role model.
In peace and love mode: Bavaria's Minister of Health Klaus Holetschek with his wife Birgit.
Bob the Builder alias Bauminister Christian Bernreiter with his wife Ann-Kathrin Jandt-Bernreiter as Wendy.
Bavaria's golden boy: Finance Minister Albert Füracker with his wife Evelyne. She wore silver.
He even plays the sheriff at carnival: Bavaria's Minister of the Interior Joachim Herrmann, with his wife Gerswid at his side.
On the town: Economic Minister Hubert Aiwanger pays homage to the crafts with his costume. His partner, Tanja Schweiger, district administrator of the district of Regensburg, does the same.
The political opposition could of course not be missing.
Everything for Bavaria: Green party leader Katharina Schulze as Bavaria and her co-leader Ludwig Hartmann as the Bavarian lion.
The SPD group leader is keen on hiking: Florian von Brunn with the SPD state chairperson Ronja Endres.
Royal was the case for FDP parliamentary group leader Martin Hagen. He and his wife Anisha came as Harry and Meghan.
Otherwise he would certainly speak more. In Veitshöchheim, the group chairman in the EU parliament, Manfred Weber, was on the road as a pantomime. At his side was Mrs. Andrea.
If politics doesn't work out, he can always do magic. Nuremberg's mayor Marcus König as Harry Potter and his wife Anke as Hermione.
Quick as a bee on the move: Bavaria's digital minister Judith Gerlach.
Back to the 1920s: the legal director of the BR, Eva Majuntke, the BR director Katja Wildermuth and the BR cultural program director Björn Wilhelm.
A little side-swipe at climate activists from the Franconian Tatort detective Sebastian Fleischer, played by Alexander Leopold Schadt.
The first mayor of Veitshöchheim could of course not be missing. Jürgen Götz and his wife Julia.
Oberhof: Kühn eighth in the World Cup sprint
Despite difficult conditions, Bö continued his impressive series and won the sixth sprint race of the season. The five-time Olympic champion has now won 14 World Championship titles and is closing in on his compatriot Ole Einar Björndalen. The biathlon icon, who is a TV expert on site, is still the undisputed record champion with 20 World Championship gold medals. Even strong fog did not stop the long-term winner Bö from collecting his second gold at the Rennsteig. On Wednesday, he had already successfully defended his title in the mixed relay with Norway.
Hardly anyone doubts that in the third race of the hunt, Bö will be the clear favourite once again. His form is outstanding, so he can compensate for shooting errors to a certain extent in a frighteningly simple way.
Meanwhile, Doll was not having any luck. After the experienced athlete had thrown away all chances of a medal in the mixed relay with a penalty lap and had only come in sixth, three days later things did not go any better. Three penalty laps in the prone position and two more standing were a great disappointment for the oldest member of the German team, who had celebrated the biggest success of his career in this discipline in 2017.
Six years ago in Hochfilzen he won surprisingly by 0.7 seconds, just ahead of Bö. It was one of only three career successes for Doll, who has so far stood on the podium once this winter. The eighth-placed finisher at the Beijing Olympics left wordlessly after his poor performance and initially gave no interviews. Roman Rees came in 19th place, the second World Championship debutant David Zobel came in 35th.
Biden receives Lula: "We must stand up for democracy"
At a meeting between US President Joe Biden and his counterpart from Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, it is mainly about the value of democracy. Both look back at their predecessors.
US President Joe Biden insisted on the preservation of democratic values during a visit to his Brazilian counterpart Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
"The strong democracy of our two nations was put to the test," said Biden on Friday in the White House in Washington. "We must continue to stand up for democracy, for the democratic values that are at the core of our strength." Lula replied with a view to his right-wing predecessor Jair Bolsonaro: "Brazil has isolated itself for four years."
The left-wing politician Lula had prevailed against Bolsonaro in a run-off election at the end of October. Lula took office on 1 January. The change of power was accompanied by violent riots. Bolsonaro's supporters had stormed the congress, the supreme court and the government headquarters in the capital Brasilia in January. The outbreak of violence in Brazil is a grim reminder of the storming of the US Capitol almost two years ago, when supporters of the then President Donald Trump violently broke into the parliament in Washington.
Lula criticized Bolsonaro openly during the meeting with Biden. His predecessor did not care much about international relations. "His world began and ended with fake news, in the morning, afternoon and evening," said Lula. "It sounds familiar to me," Biden replied - an obvious reference to his predecessor Trump.
Short note about the press - Der Freitag
Does anyone remember the RAF wanted posters? They showed the members of the Red Army Faction who were free to be denounced and shot.
In a country with a culture of denunciation, which already existed before Corona, public opinion was created against the most dangerous opponents of the Federal Republic of Germany; let's say the bourgeois democracy, let's say the late capitalist society. (Here nothing about the really dangerous ones in striped suits and ties.)
Now the Stuttgarter Zeitung, which is usually more interested in Raudis on the S-Bahn or onanists in the park, is publishing a new edition with Putin's "war criminals" friends. Because they are so beautiful, there is a picture gallery. Of course, the StZ is poorly informed, because there are more "Russian friends" in this world, which includes Asia, Africa and Latin America, than the StZ has space for pictures.
But that is not the point, but rather: Mrs Wagenknecht is in 1st to 5th place (!), followed by Mrs Schwarzer.
Well, I don't know anyone in my environment who reads this paper any more. If they do, it's high time they did. We've reached the well-known level where there's nothing underneath it.
And at the latest now, in good dialectical fashion, Mrs Wagenknecht should be the most popular politician of all those who are not yet quite brainwashed, i.e. peace-loving, pacifist and anti-militarist people (and no differentiation is necessary here).
Harald Glööckler files for divorce from his husband Dieter Schroth
Designer Harald Glööckler (57) and his partner Dieter Schroth (74) have separated. This was confirmed by Glööckler's lawyer Christian-Oliver Moser to the "Bild" newspaper and RTL in the same wording. It says: "I can confirm that my client has filed an application for the dissolution of his civil partnership with his family lawyer at the relevant court. I am not commenting on the details".
Glööckler and his partner Schroth had been together for 35 years, and rumours of their separation had been circulating for about a year. After his participation in the jungle camp, the fashion designer is said to have moved from their shared home in the Palatinate to Berlin, according to various media reports. He also spoke about marriage problems on the RTL show.
SS massacre in Oradour-sur-Glane: Last survivor dead
A memorial centre was set up in the destroyed village northwest of Limoges, whose ruins were preserved, in 1999. French President Emmanuel Macron awarded Hébras with the national order of merit a year ago. Hébras fought for freedom and defended the values of France, said Macron. In addition, he contributed to Franco-German peace. The survivor had, among other things, campaigned for Franco-German youth exchanges.
One street for 14 houses: In Homeien everyone knows everyone
LZ series North Lippe hamlets: In Homeien, it is not uncommon for three or four generations to live under one roof. Here, the residents find pure idyll. In the summer, up to 300 motorcycles a day race along the winding road between Niedermeien and Hillentrup - and some of them turn around and go back again.
Deutsche Bank CEO Christian Sewing considers further interest rate hikes to be "absolutely" necessary in the fight against the high rate of inflation. "The inflationary risks are still high. Energy costs can easily rise again, and the opening up of China could also give prices a temporary boost," Sewing told the "Welt am Sonntag".
The European Central Bank (ECB) raised interest rates in the euro zone for the fifth time in a row at the beginning of February and announced another increase of 0.5 percentage points for the meeting on 16 March. The base interest rate in the euro zone is now 3.0 percent. The deposit rate, which commercial banks receive when they park money with the ECB, is 2.5 percent.
Higher interest rates make loans more expensive, which can dampen demand and counter high inflation rates. At the same time, higher interest rates can lead to investments being postponed, which in turn leads to weaker economic growth.
Rising interest rates are also a burden for highly indebted Eurozone states such as Italy. "The consequences of a permanently high inflation are much more serious than the higher financing costs for some countries," said Sewing. "Of course we have to keep an eye on that, but a high level of debt must not stop the ECB from acting consistently."
The ECB aims for price stability in the euro area at an inflation rate of two percent in the medium term. This target has been far removed for months. In January, the price increase weakened again, but the consumer prices in the currency area of the now 20 countries were 8.5 percent above the level of the previous year's month.
Higher rates of inflation erode the purchasing power of consumers, because they can afford less for a euro. The sharp rise in energy prices, which is a major driver of inflation, is also a burden for companies.
If inflation remains high, private consumption will "collapse sooner or later," warned Sewing, who is also president of the Association of German Banks (BdB). "I see that as the biggest danger for the German economy at the moment. But I am optimistic that we can avoid this scenario."
Bosch CEO Stefan Hartung hopes for a broad debate on the "Germany-speed" called for by Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) in infrastructure projects. "There will have to be a political and social dialogue about it. And it may be a bit more controversial," he said to the Deutsche Presse-Agentur in Stuttgart. He hopes that in the end a set of rules will emerge, with which it does not necessarily have to be as fast as with the LNG terminals put into operation at the turn of the year - but also not as slow as before.
In mid-December, after ten months of planning and construction, the first German terminal for the import of liquefied natural gas (LNG) was opened. The aim was to close the gap in gas supply due to the lack of Russian gas deliveries. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) spoke of a new "German pace" on this occasion. In addition, the German government has recently initiated an acceleration of approval procedures for wind turbines and power lines.
"First of all, it is very reassuring that the government acts so quickly when it comes to it. However, this should not automatically mean that we will always act so categorically from now on and, for example, put a wind turbine in our neighbour's garden against his will," said Hartung. There must therefore still be a process of negotiation about what is right and wrong in society.
In the past, we tried to do it with the classic rules and failed. "We should think again whether the previous approach was really the right one. Maybe we have overdone it with the rules and made it too complicated for ourselves."
In view of the many open tasks, such as the expansion of power lines, he does not envy the Federal Government and the companies involved, said Hartung. "As a consumer of these energies, I need the expansion and it should be as green as possible".
Trade union warns against the break-up of the Bayer Group
The IG BCE chemical workers' union has warned of a break-up of the Bayer Group following the announced change of CEO. "From the employees' point of view, Bayer is exactly right with its three pillars to meet the challenges of the future," said Francesco Grioli, board member of the union and Bayer supervisory board member, to the "Rheinische Post" (Saturday edition).
This refers to the pharmaceuticals business with prescription medicines, the Consumer Health sector with over-the-counter medicines and the agricultural business. "The transformation of the industry can only be managed with a corporate policy that is based on risk diversification and sustainability - and not on hedge fund activism".
The reason for this is the change of CEO at the pharmaceutical and agrochemical company, which was announced on Thursday. The controversial CEO Werner Baumann will be leaving his post this summer. The former head of pharmaceuticals at Swiss rival Roche, Bill Anderson, is set to take over at the beginning of June.
Baumann has been under criticism for a long time. The 2018 acquisition of the US seed manufacturer Monsanto for $63 billion is still hanging over the manager. With the purchase, the Leverkusen company got itself into expensive legal disputes about the alleged cancer risks of the weed killer glyphosate. The Bayer share was in a downward spiral for years. In 2019, the shareholders even refused to grant the CEO discharge at the annual general meeting.
It had been known for some time that Baumann was not seeking an extension of his contract, which was actually due to run until 2024. Long-term strategic investors had been putting pressure on him. More recently, several activist Anglo-Saxon investors such as Bluebell Capital have also been involved. According to a media report, Bluebell is pushing for the company to be split up.
The very small fund, with an unknown level of participation in Bayer, is known for its aggressive approach. A spin-off "of the Consumer Health division would be a possible way to increase the company's value," said Markus Manns, fund manager at Union Investment, to the "Rheinischen Post." On the other hand, he does not believe that a spin-off of the much larger Crop Science agricultural division is feasible.
Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against pension reform
Paris
The French also want to take to the streets again on Saturday against the planned pension reform.
The government's plans are being met with a united protest on the streets by the trade unions. Hundreds of thousands of people are planning to demonstrate against the pension reform on Saturday.
In France, hundreds of thousands of people are expected to demonstrate again on Saturday against the planned pension reform by President Emmanuel Macron. For the fourth time, the trade unions are mobilising against the plans of the centre-right government to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64. More than a million people have already taken to the streets twice and there have been nationwide strikes. Last Tuesday, 750,000 participants were counted at protests. A turbulent debate has been taking place in parliament for a week about the controversial reform.
Already, many people in France work longer than until the age of 62, if they have not paid in long enough for a pension without deductions when they reach the retirement age. In many demanding professions, people could hardly work longer, say the opponents of the reform. In addition, employees want to be able to enjoy their well-deserved retirement and not completely wear out their health at work.
Macron: Threatening deficit in pension fund
Macron justifies the reform with a looming deficit in the pension fund. Because the population is getting older, the employees must pay for an increasing number of pensioners. In order to keep the level of pensions stable, the population must work a little longer. Critics doubt the government's calculations and demand that the state must find other sources of money to keep the pension system in balance.
But the government does not only want to make changes to the retirement age. The increase in the necessary contribution period for a full pension, which was decided on years ago, is to be speeded up. In addition, individual pension systems with privileges for certain occupational groups are to be abolished. The minimum pension is to rise to around 1,200 euros.
The pension reform is considered one of the most important projects of President Macron. During the Corona pandemic, a first attempt to implement the reform was abandoned, at that time there were massive protests and strikes. Already several presidents before Macron tried with varying degrees of success to reform the French pension system - broad protests and strikes were certain.
Since Macron's camp no longer has an absolute majority in parliament, it hopes to push through the reform with the help of the conservative Républicains, who have announced their support. However, some of the deputies - even from Macron's own faction - still have reservations. And even greater than the fear of a close vote is Macron's concern about paralysing strikes. Before the renewed demonstrations on Saturday, the president said that he could count on the organisers' sense of responsibility so that they would be peaceful and not lead to a blockade of the country.
Quiet weather expected - lots of sun in the highlands
A powerful high-pressure system is located over Central Europe and is determining the weather in Germany. Does that mean that there will be plenty of sunshine everywhere?
Offenbach
In Germany, calm high pressure weather is expected at least until the middle of the week. "When looking at the weather maps, a powerful high pressure area directly over Central Europe immediately catches the eye," explains meteorologist Markus Übel from the German Weather Service on Saturday in Offenbach. "Although this high pressure area will move a little to the east in the course of the next week, it will continue to determine the weather in Germany."
However, calm high pressure weather in winter does not necessarily mean sunny weather, says Übel. "Such a high can be quite mean and bring the people in the lowlands days of dull fog grey, while in the highlands of the low mountain ranges there is pure sunshine".
Sunday starts off foggy and cloudy in most regions. According to the DWD, there may also be some rain from the Ore Mountains and the Thuringian Forest to Lower Bavaria. In particular on the edge of the Alps, but also in the southwest and parts of the west, the cloud cover will clear up during the day and the sun will come out more often. In the rest of the country, it will remain heavily overcast or covered in high fog. Temperatures will reach 4 to 9 degrees, and 10 degrees near the Rhine.
"On Monday, the gradually strengthening sun will nibble away at the high fog and will be able to dissolve it more and more throughout the day," says the meteorologist. The Alpine edge, the highlands of the low mountain ranges and parts of North Rhine-Westphalia will see sun all day, while elsewhere it will have to fight its way through the high fog. The highest temperatures will be between 5 and 9 degrees, with 11 degrees on the Lower Rhine, while only 3 degrees are expected in the perpetual grey of the southeast. In addition, there will be weak winds from different directions.
On Tuesday, in some low-lying areas, there may be only slow clearing of fog or low cloud. Otherwise, the weather will be clear after the fog has cleared. In high areas, in large parts of North Rhine-Westphalia and on the edge of the Alps, the sun is expected to shine all day. Temperatures will climb to between 5 and 11 degrees, depending on the amount of sunshine.
Dominatorin laments: No World Championship medal for Goggia again
The beaten top favourite Sofia Goggia showed herself to be very disappointed after her elimination in the downhill at the Alpine Skiing World Championships.
Méribel
"I am sad because I didn't bring the performance that I can," said the Italian in ZDF, after she had been involved in a goal and was eliminated. In any case, the 30-year-old was able to prevent a potentially serious fall.
Goggia has been the dominant downhill skier in the World Cup for years. She has won four of the six season races in this discipline so far. After winning gold in 2018 in Pyeongchang, she won silver at the 2022 Olympic Winter Games in Beijing. However, Goggia, who is known for her risky driving style, will have to wait for a World Championship medal in her specialty. She missed the event in Cortina d'Ampezzo two years ago due to injury.
"I actually thought I was doing well. It was about hundredths of a second," said Goggia after the surprising victory of Swiss Jasmine Flury in Méribel, France. "I am disappointed. I gave it my all. But that's life." Sometimes you believe things are guaranteed, she said about the medal that was expected by all experts and ultimately missed: "But they are not."
Girl missing in Berlin: Who has seen Viktoriya?
Viktoriya Stankovych has been missing since February 10.
Viktoriya Stankovych was last seen on Friday at the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station. The police are asking for information about her whereabouts.
Berlin. With the publication of a photo, the Berlin police are asking the public to help in the search for a missing child. The 12-year-old Viktoriya Stankovych is said to have left the grounds of her school together with other children at around 12.30 p.m. on 10 February 2023, heading in the direction of the S-Bahnhof Waidmannslust. She was last seen there at the S-Bahnhof. The child has only been in Berlin since April 2022 as a refugee and has very little knowledge of the German language and the local area.
Description of the person: slim build
brown eyes
black, long hair with a ponytail
wearing a long black jacket, dark trousers, pink ankle boots and a multicoloured striped scarf
is carrying a backpack
The Criminal Investigation Department of Police Directorate 1 (North) can be contacted on the number (030) 4664 - 171 100 or any other police station.
Zelenskyy and ministers against Russia's participation in the Olympics
Kyiv. With the demand for the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris, sports politicians from 35 nations have increased the pressure on the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
It was agreed at a joint telephone conference to draft a statement to prevent attempts to send athletes from Russia and Belarus back to international sports competitions, the Lithuanian Ministry of Sport announced on its website.
"We demand the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from all international competitions, including the Olympic Games, as long as the war in Ukraine continues," said Minister Jurgita Šiugždinienė.
The video conference took place at the initiative of Great Britain. It was a very productive meeting, wrote the British Minister of Sport Lucy Frazer on Twitter. "And I made the position of Great Britain very clear: As long as Putin continues his barbaric war, Russia and Belarus must not be represented at the Olympic Games. We will now issue a joint statement on this topic".
Previously, the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy had protested against the participation of athletes from Russia and Belarus in international competitions at an international video conference of sports ministers and other high-ranking representatives. "While Russia is killing and terrorizing, representatives of this terrorist state have no place in sports and Olympic competitions," said Zelenskyy. He published his speech in his Telegram channel. Ultimately, a neutral flag is also soaked in blood and not bearable because of the Russian war of aggression.
Ukraine threatens with boycott
Ukraine also sees Belarus as a war party because the country is making military bases available to Russian troops for attacks. Zelenskyy called on the officials to work towards protecting the Olympic principles and to prevent Russian athletes from competing. The president also renewed his criticism of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), which he said has lost its “honesty, unfortunately”.
The reason for the conference was the IOC's announcement that it wants to allow athletes from Russia and Belarus to participate in international competitions under certain conditions. Ukraine is also threatening a boycott if the IOC allows the athletes to participate.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior also takes a position
The Federal Ministry of the Interior, which is responsible for sport, stated afterwards that it had also reiterated its rejection of the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes in Paris during the consultations. "In our opinion, there is no reason to invite Russian and Belarusian athletes back to the competitions. The international sports community must continue to show unrestricted solidarity and support for Ukrainian athletes. The IOC's efforts to readmit Russian and Belarusian athletes is the wrong approach," a spokesperson for the Ministry of the Interior stated in response to a dpa enquiry.
The Minister of the Interior, Nancy Faeser (SPD), had already emphasized at the end of January: "Sport should be clear in its condemnation of the brutal war that Putin is waging against the Ukrainian civilian population. Major sporting events do not take place in a vacuum". Russia, on the other hand, emphasizes that sport and politics should be kept separate.
Currently, Russia and Belarus are excluded from many international sports competitions. However, the IOC is striving for a return of athletes from both countries to the international sports scene under a neutral flag, provided they clearly declare their allegiance to the Olympic Charter and do not actively support the war in Ukraine. IOC President Thomas Bach recently stated that exclusion "because of a passport or place of birth" would be a violation of the ban on discrimination.
Accuse them there where it happened
"Hey, great ass!", whistling after the wench in the tight sexy costume and calling out lewd remarks: all of this falls under the term "catcalling". The term is not just a term, but a form of verbal sexual harassment in public spaces.
Half of the vehicles lost? : USA see Moscow's tank stocks severely depleted
Half of the vehicles lost? USA sees Moscow's tank stocks severely depleted
The Pentagon assumes that Russia has lost a significant number of tanks in Ukraine since the beginning of the war. The talk is of "half of the main stock".
The Russian army has already lost half of its battle tanks in its war of aggression against Ukraine, according to estimates by the US Department of Defense. "Probably half of the main stock of tanks" of the Russian army "has been destroyed or confiscated by Ukraine," said Celeste Wallander, the US Department of Defense's Under Secretary for International Security Affairs.
Wallander did not provide any further details on the number of tanks seized and destroyed according to US estimates at an online event of the think tank Center for a New American Security.
Ukraine is to receive battle tanks from several Western allies in the coming weeks. Great Britain has promised Kiev the delivery of Challenger 2 battle tanks for March. Germany wants to deliver a battalion of Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine in a coalition with other states by April. The USA has also promised a battalion of 31 Abrams battle tanks. However, their delivery is expected to take much longer.
Russia wants to follow up
In response to the Western military aid, former Kremlin chief Dmitry Medvedev promised the construction and modernization of thousands of tanks. "As we know, our enemy abroad begged for planes, missiles, tanks," said Medvedev, who is now deputy head of the Russian Security Council, during a visit to a tank factory in the Siberian city of Omsk. "It is clear that in this case it is self-evident for us to increase the production of various types of weapons and military technology - including modern tanks."
Since last summer, a law has been in force in Russia that allows for a stronger alignment of the economy with the needs of the army. This means that individual branches can be obliged to supply the armed forces.
Controversy over post occupancy in the army
The post, which the former director of the Military History Museum (HGM), Christian Ortner, will take up in the future, was not advertised. The Academy's personnel representative, Herwig Jedlaucnik, suspects post corruption and abuse of office. Defence Minister Klaudia Tanner (ÖVP) defends the procedure.
A tender is not necessary because the appointment is for a position that has not been filled before, said the minister. She did not want to comment on "speculation from a personal representative from the Freedom Party". Ortner was replaced last year after 17 years at the head of the HGM. In addition to criticism of the museum's handling of Austria's military past, he was confronted with serious accusations of mobbing. These have been cleared up in Tanner's view.
Jedlaucnik also doubts Ortners suitability in terms of content. Ortners is an expert on the First World War and the wars of the monarchy, but the institute deals with current issues of security policy.
The SPÖ is demanding that Tanner provide clarification about the "unusual ordering process". The decision is tainted by the "appearance of post-shuffling", says SPÖ defence spokesman Robert Laimer. The Neos are calling on Tanner to withdraw the appointment. The ÖVP is "still up to its neck in the corruption swamp", said Douglas Hoyos, spokesman for national defence. He announced a parliamentary enquiry on the subject.
Carnival: First fools go on their knees before costs
Thüringen's carnival stronghold, Wasungen, wants to hold on to the traditional carnival parade, unlike the state capital. However, the higher costs, including for security, are difficult to manage in Wasungen, says carnival president Marcel Kißling. The funds for this alone make up about half of the calculated total costs for the parade.
In Brandenburg, there will be no cancellation of carnival parades. The “parade of the happy people” in Cottbus, which is probably once again the largest in eastern Germany, will take place for the first time after the pandemic. No parades were cancelled for the Swabian-Alemannic carnival either.
Despite the increased costs, the carnival stronghold of Marne in Schleswig-Holstein is sticking to the traditional parade. "We are carrying out our event," says the president of the carnival society, Heiko Claußen. But even here, financial concerns are weighing heavy: if more sponsors are not found or the existing ones do not contribute more, reserves will have to be tapped - "that is not possible every year." The current deficit is around 200,000 euros.
And inflation: There is a price increase of up to 60 percent for sweets, says Elvira Reuther from the Förderverein Nürnberger Fastnachtszug. Due to good fortune in misfortune, too much was ordered in 2020, which is why there is still enough stock this time. It is already certain that the parade will be more expensive. Double the amount of staff will be required for security compared to 2020.
Anyone standing at the side of the road during the Rose Monday parade in the Rhineland might get fewer sweets than before. Because sweets have become more expensive, some parade participants don't have as much with them. Sweets or not, the number of visitors is likely to be high: "I believe that if it doesn't rain buckets on that day, we can definitely expect an increased number of visitors," says the Cologne parade leader Holger Kirsch. "This is due to the fact that two years ago there was no regular Rose Monday parade. The parade is, of course, irreplaceable."
The festival committee in Cologne is not commenting on the costs in detail. However, the train is generally "in the red", and that is no secret.
The Ukraine Diaries: Dreams and Homemade Vodka
Ukrainians are not without reason known as hard drinkers. There is local beer like Obolon from Kiev or beer from Lviv. Every now and then I discover German beer here. Not Kulmbacher, but other large breweries like Krombacher or Warsteiner. I can't really tell a big difference in taste. The same goes for vodka, which is widely available. They distill it here, especially in the villages. They call it Samargon. No one knows exactly how much of it is consumed in the former Soviet republics. In Russia, the Minister of Health claimed a few years ago that consumption had fallen by an incredible 80 percent in five years. Well, you can see here how little you can believe the Russians. It is said that as a tourist you should be careful with it. But that only applies if you go to the massively large sale. Then it is probably adulterated.
FC Hansa Rostock rewards itself for high effort: "Match luck on our side"
Food and drink
If you want to celebrate the weekend with cocktails or have a beer after work, you will find great places to do so in Rostock and Warnemünde. The restaurant scene offers many locations for after-work meetings or pre-parties for club parties. Where is it best? A look at the Google reviews shows it.
Biathlon World Championships: Federal President sees favourite win and praises Oberhof
Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his wife Elke Büdenbender will be greeted at the arena by chimney sweep master Tobias Böttger and Oberhofer mascot "Flocke"
Oberhof. The German biathletes had nothing to do with the awarding of medals at the World Championship sprint in Oberhof. But there were two bright spots in the fog.
No matter how hard the President of the Federal Republic tried, it was impossible to see from the VIP stand on Saturday whether the targets were actually falling at the shooting range. "I had to get the results on my mobile phone," Frank-Walter Steinmeier said with a smile and referred to the fog that kept rolling into the stadium, which greatly impaired the view of the Rennsteig for the spectators.
Steinmeier nevertheless enjoyed the visit to the 10 km sprint race at the Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof, and received numerous tips from the Olympic winners Frank Ullrich and Peter Sendel: "Since the Olympic Games in South Korea, when Laura Dahlmeier won gold in the first race, I have been fascinated by biathlon," he revealed, and also praised Oberhof for its modernized sports facilities: "The completely renovated arena is great and offers ideal conditions. The athletes also say this - with thanks to those who have been working on this since the World Championships were awarded here". In terms of sustainability, the location is now "one step ahead" of many others and is therefore "secure for the next few years and even decades".
Once again, the Norwegian Johannes Thingnes Bö was the first to cross the finish line. Despite a penalty lap after a missed shot, he secured his sixth victory in the sixth sprint of the winter in 23:21.7 minutes - and with it his second World Championship title in Oberhof. His brother Tarjei, who shot flawlessly, was second (14.8 seconds behind), followed by Sturla Holm Lägreid (1 penalty lap/39.9 seconds) and Johannes Dale (1/43.6), making the Norwegian victory perfect.
The local ski hunters were unable to join the fight for the medals a day after Denise Herrmann-Wick's triumph. Johannes Kühn, after a shooting error and with a deficit of 1:04.8 minutes, took the eighth place as the best German. WM debutant Justus Strelow shot flawlessly and became twelfth (1:14.6). Two bright spots behind the grey veil. In contrast, Benedikt Doll disappointed again. After his botched mixed effort on Wednesday, the Black Forest man left five targets standing this time and disappeared deeply disappointed and without comment into the cabin as 55th.
Bö had started with the number 1 in front of 14,300 spectators and manifested this status despite the complicated visibility. However: On his last two standing shots he had the luck of the skilled; they landed on the edge of the discs and still fell. The 29-year-old then enjoyed the award ceremony together with his five-year-older brother: "It's the best feeling to stand here with him," said the world champion: "We are the best family, the best brothers, the best athletes."
There is hardly any doubt that the Norwegians will also dominate the pursuit on Sunday. In the women's event, however, German hopes rest on Herrmann-Wick. "If you start as number one, the goal is not to come in tenth. There is only full throttle and attack to defend the number one position," sports director Felix Bitterling put his "locomotive" to the test. The organisers are expecting a nearly sold-out arena for the double event (13.25 and 15.30/ZDF and Eurosport live).
Brych dislikes "swarm of bees" on the pitch
Felix Brych - Referee Felix Brych decides on the referee's ball.
Players who start aggressively or coaches who moan? Germany's referees want to "consistently punish" ungentlemanly conduct. Referee chief Fröhlich points to the importance of setting an example.
German top referee Felix Brych has identified negative tendencies in the way players interact on the pitch. "I do think that there are new behaviours among players who surround the referee like a swarm of bees after a decision and try to push him into the review area," said the 47-year-old to the German Press Agency. "We discussed this during the winter break. We decided that we do not want to accept such unsporting behaviour. We will pay more attention to this again - and we will also sanction it."
Most recently, two coaches were also given red cards. Mainz coach Bo Svensson saw the red card in the cup defeat against FC Bayern. Freiburg's coach Christian Streich received a yellow-red card in the league defeat in Dortmund. "The coach's behavior also falls into the area of unsporting behavior. We have noticed that unsporting behavior has increased in this area, that the behavior towards referees has become a bit more demanding or aggressive. We want to consistently punish such unsporting behavior," said Brych.
DFB referee chief Lutz Michael Fröhlich pointed to a generally good relationship between coaches and referees. "Overall, the relationship is good. There are reactions, followed by consequent counter-reactions. The person affected then has to live with that. That shouldn't be anything world-shattering," Fröhlich told the German Press Agency.
"Conflicts can certainly arise from emotionality during the course of a game. But if emotionality spills over into personal insults, then you have to accept that the corresponding measures will be taken by the referee," said Fröhlich. In the most recent cases, the parties involved have cleared things up afterwards. "The important thing would be if a process of rethinking were to get underway overall, that such behaviour is simply not tolerated," said Fröhlich on the sidelines of an event by the Association of German Sports Journalists in Munich.
The 65-year-old pointed to possible effects at another level. "Of course, incidents from professional football always have an impact. There is a role model effect, which results in imitation. In the most recent cases in the Bundesliga, the referees have reacted consistently to negative behaviour," said Fröhlich. "Independent of the consistent interpretation of the rules in the game, a clarifying conversation, with an exchange of perspectives between the referees and those affected, is always helpful."
Combiner Oftebro wins in Schonach
The victory was secured by the Norwegian Jens Luraas Oftebro after a jump from the normal hill and the ten kilometre long cross-country skiing race, ahead of the Austrian overall leader Johannes Lamparter. Third place went to Kristjan Ilves from Estonia.
The German Nordic combined team will not be at its best in the Black Forest. Peking Olympic champion Vinzenz Geiger, Eric Frenzel and Johannes Rydzek will not be there. They are preparing for the World Championships with training in Oberstdorf, which will take place from 21 February to 5 March in Planica, Slovenia. "We have three world-class athletes at home. The team is of course feeling the effects of this," said national coach Hermann Weinbuch in ZDF.
Seven people slightly injured after a rear-end collision on the A5
Seven people, including two children, were slightly injured in an accident involving four vehicles on the A5 motorway near Hemsbach (Rhein-Neckar-Kreis). According to a police statement, the accident occurred on Saturday when a driver hit a car from behind during a slight traffic jam and pushed it into two other cars. The complete closure of the lanes in the direction of Heidelberg was lifted after about an hour and a half.
Finissage in the Marl Sculpture Museum
The initiators of the exhibition: Sebastian Freytag (left) and Georg Elben (right) stand with artist Christian Freudenberger in front of his wall painting.
On Sunday, 12 February, an unusual exhibition will end in the Marl Sculpture Museum. There will be some extras for the finale.
The finissage for the exhibition "Wandgebunden" (Wall-bound) will take place on Sunday, 12 February, at 3 pm in the temporary quarters of the Marl Sculpture Museum in Georg-Herwegh-Straße 63-67. In three exhibition rooms, two large-format wall paintings will draw attention to themselves.
After the exhibition, the walls will be painted over and the works of art will disappear. However, a catalogue documents the works created especially for the Marl Museum. It will be presented on 12 February by the two curators, Georg Elben and Sebastian Freytag.
At the finissage, Dr. Friederike Schuler will also give a talk on wall-bound art in the service of the community. Using numerous examples, she will present the special features of the wall paintings from the Weimar Republic and will ask about the connections to this art form in the Federal Republic, with a focus on NRW in the 1950s to 1970s.
Dr. Friederike Schuler is a freelance art historian and curator and in 2013 she earned her doctorate on the wall paintings of the Weimar Republic. Since then she has been researching architectural art as well as the history of art and institutions in the post-war period in Germany, most recently with Sebastian Freytag on art in public buildings in North Rhine-Westphalia. After the lecture, the last curator's tour of the exhibition will take place. The artists will be present.
Arrest warrants after building collapses in Turkey
It is about construction defects that contributed to the collapse of buildings: In the Turkish earthquake region, the judicial authorities have issued arrest warrants against dozens of suspects.
Istanbul. Dozens of arrest warrants have been issued in the south of Turkey for possible building defects after the collapse of buildings during the earthquake. In the city of Diyarbakir, 33 people have been issued with arrest warrants, reported the state news agency Anadolu on Saturday, citing prosecutors. The accused are said to be responsible for building defects that contributed to the collapse of the buildings.
According to Anadolu, the public prosecutor's office in Adana is also investigating possible construction defects in collapsed buildings. So far, 62 arrest warrants have been issued in the course of these investigations. One of the accused was reportedly caught at the airport in Istanbul. He was trying to travel to Montenegro with cash and is now in custody, Anadolu reported. Nine other people were reportedly arrested in the cities of Sanliurfa and Osmaniye.
On Monday morning, a 7.7 magnitude earthquake shook the Turkish-Syrian border region, followed by another 7.6 magnitude earthquake in the afternoon. More than 7,500 buildings collapsed in Turkey alone.
Hans Modrow, the penultimate Prime Minister of the GDR, has died
Hans Modrow is dead, as the Left Party in the Bundestag announced. The 95-year-old died in the night to Saturday. Fraction Chairman Dietmar Bartsch praised the former SED functionary and later PDS and Left politician as a "deeply sincere socialist".
Last night, "Hans Modrow passed away at the age of 95," the Left Party in the Bundestag announced on Saturday. The party is losing "an important personality," explained the party leader Dietmar Bartsch and the former party leader Gregor Gysi.
In the 1970s, Hans Modrow became the 1st Secretary of the SED district leadership in Dresden. As Prime Minister, he accompanied the end of the GDR. Only four days after the fall of the Wall, on 13 November 1989, he became the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the GDR - for around 150 days. In the Volkskammer elections on 18 March 1990, the SED/PDS lost power and Modrow lost his post a month later. He was succeeded as the last Prime Minister of the GDR until reunification by the CDU politician Lothar de Maizière.
The chairman of the Left Party, Dietmar Bartsch, described Modrow in a message on the Twitter short message service as a "deeply sincere and combative socialist". Bartsch added:
"Right up to his old age he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
"The peaceful course of the reunification of Germany was a special merit of his. This will remain his political legacy," wrote Bartsch and Gysi in their obituary. It also says:
"His later work in the Volkskammer, the Bundestag, the European Parliament and as honorary chairman of the PDS was always to represent that part of the former East German population that was not wanted and whose interests were regularly violated."
After reunification, Modrow sat in the German Bundestag for the PDS from 1990 to 1994 and represented it in the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
According to a report by the German Press Agency (dpa), Modrow saw the new state "quite critically". German unity had been achieved too quickly, the GDR had disappeared too unconditionally, and it had been too one-sidedly condemned as an "unjust state", Modrow criticised in many interviews, according to dpa.
What happened in the night
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy condemns Russian rocket attacks. Meanwhile, Kiev has to carry out repairs to the power grid.
Kiev - The latest wave of Russian rocket attacks is once again forcing repairs to the Ukrainian energy network. However, Ukraine is also attacking Russian positions. Several thermal and hydroelectric power plants have been damaged, said the head of the energy supplier Ukrenerho, Volodymyr Kudryzkyj, on Friday evening on Ukrainian television. The situation with the power supply in the Kharkiv region is particularly bad. Due to the instability in the Ukrainian power grid, a reactor block at the Chmelnyzkyj nuclear power plant had to be shut down, and production was reduced at the Rivne and Southern Ukraine nuclear power plants.
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy condemned the Russian attack with around 100 rockets and missiles on Friday as terror. In a video message, however, he reported to his fellow countrymen how much support Ukraine had received on his trip to London, Paris and Brussels this week.
Selenskyj does not want to abandon the small town of Bachmut
On 24 February, it will have been a year since the war began. US President Joe Biden announced a visit to the important Ukraine supporter Poland shortly before the anniversary. The danger of Russian missile attacks continued into the night on Saturday. In the capital Kiev, the air alarm was triggered for the fifth time that day late on Friday evening. "An attack with drones is imminent," the military administration of the Kiev region announced. Combat drones of Iranian design were also spotted and shot down over the regions of Mykolajiw and Odessa in the south.
Deutsche Bahn: Federal government selects consultants for network company
The demands of the FDP and the Greens, among others, to separate these off failed due to the coalition partner SPD. In the coalition agreement, they had agreed on the compromise of an infrastructure company, which, however, should be oriented towards the common good in the future. This means that it does not need to generate profits and pay them out.
80 billion euro in backlog of renovations
The two consulting firms are to help the federal government to manage this process. The backlog of repairs to the rail network is a major reason why the railways are currently running very late. Transport Minister Wissing has made it his mission to eliminate this problem by completely renovating entire railway corridors. The investments required for this have so far been estimated at 50 billion euros, but according to more recent calculations by the railway, they are more likely to be up to 80 billion euros.
Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof 2023 - Gold for Denise Herrmann-Wick: "Can someone pinch me?"
The external circumstances apparently did not speak for Herrmann-Wick. She said after the race that she had slept badly, was "totally excited" and her pulse had not come down even before the race. "What a race," and that at the home World Championships, "you can't describe that with words," she said. 11,000 spectators cheered to the thumping Schlager music with German flags, coaches and team members hugged each other.
"Enjoy biathlon", that was her plan
The pressure had been particularly high for Herrmann-Wick. The 34-year-old had started the World Championships as the biggest, if not the only, German medal hope outside of the relay. This winter, Herrmann-Wick was the only German to win two World Cups. She is currently in fifth place in the overall World Cup. And even though the density of performance among women at the top is significantly higher than among men, where Johannes Thingnes Bø and his Norwegians are currently dominating, one would have expected someone else to win this sprint.
Criticism of the government - Bishop in Nicaragua sentenced to 26 years in prison
The bishop is a prominent critic of the left-wing head of state. He accuses Ortega of suppressing religious freedom. Relations between the Nicaraguan government and the Catholic Church have been strained since 2018. At that time, demonstrators who demanded the resignation of Ortega took refuge in churches. More than 350 people died in the protests in 2018. Thousands of people left the Central American country in the following years, often out of fear of repression or arrest. President Ortega accuses the Catholic clergy of conspiring with the US government to overthrow him.
Bundeswehr: Arms industry demands more orders from special funds
The first defence projects have already been scrapped, and others are threatened with the same fate, as reported by "Welt am Sonntag". However, it is not yet possible to say which investments would be cut. "There is no need to assign specific procurement measures to a potential need for savings at this point in time," says a response from the German government to a question from Ingo Gädechens, a member of the German parliament (CDU).
The background to the falling investment sum is the rising interest rates. The special fund, which is fully credit-financed and which the Bundestag decided on in June 2022, must bear the interest burden for the loans itself. If these rise, there is less money available for the actual acquisitions for the Bundeswehr. In addition, the current high inflation is reducing the purchasing power of the remaining sum.
Kupferzell: Accident with 3 Injured
On the night of Friday to Saturday (10.02.-11.02.), at around 01.40 am, a 24-year-old BMW driver, coming from Kupferzell, wanted to turn left onto the motorway towards Heilbronn at the Kupferzell motorway exit. At this time, a 21-year-old VW driver was driving on the B 19 towards Künzelsau, the police reported. During the BMW driver's turning maneuver, there was a collision between the two vehicles.
Both parties involved in the accident stated that the traffic lights at the accident site were "green" for them. An inspection of the traffic lights revealed no faults. Further investigations will follow. The 24-year-old, the 21-year-old and the passenger in the BMW were all slightly injured in the accident. They had to be taken to hospital. The two cars sustained a total of approximately 20,000 euros in damages.
Schlossplatz Stuttgart remembers the victims of the earthquake disaster
Many people in Stuttgart followed the call of the Ditib Mosque community in Feuerbach on Friday evening.
Tens of thousands of people have died in the earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria. There is great sympathy - also in Stuttgart.
The earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria has gripped the world. On Friday evening, more than 200 people gathered on Stuttgart's Schlossplatz to remember the victims and pray for them.
Many members of the community followed the call of the Ditib-Mosque community in Feuerbach, young and old, women and men. They all listened to the prayer of the Imam seriously and silently. In the prayer, the Imam asked Allah for help for the people in the affected areas, so that they could also overcome this disaster. He asked for health, protection from plagues and for respectful treatment of each other. The community also asked for support and strength, "to bring our help to the areas affected by the earthquake".
Ditib stands by the side of the people in Turkey and Syria. The speakers expressed their sympathy for the victims and their families, who numbered more than 22,000 at the time of the memorial service. The prayers were also translated into German on the castle square.
The solidarity of Muslims in Germany with the earthquake victims in the Turkish-Syrian border region is great. The donation campaign of the German Islamic Association Turkish-Islamic Union (Ditib) has already collected several million euros.
The Alevi community in Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt collected donations in kind over several days in Glockenstraße, which are to be transported by lorry to the earthquake regions. The willingness to help was overwhelming there too.
Hike with meat insert - Ebersberg
"After eating, you should rest or take a thousand steps".... The older generation knows this saying, the younger generation simply puts it into practice. Either way, in the years of the pandemic, the good old digestive walk has experienced an unforeseen renaissance. Because those who, thanks to home office, are not sitting in the middle of a stone desert, but rather just a stone's throw away from fields, forests and meadows, now use their lunch break either after the quick snack in front of the screen or as a substitute for a walk in the fresh air. At least that is the impression you could get around the Egglburger See, where not only dog owners have been hanging out between 12 and 14 o'clock for a long time.
One reason could of course be that modern people can combine the health-promoting intake of fresh air with other things in the course of optimum time slot usage. After all, why not hear news from the settlement from the neighbour you haven't seen in ages during a short march through nature? Or meet up with the friend you never make it to the cinema with, not even the Alte Kino? This way, work and private life can be combined - who says that the appointment with the tax consultant, lawyer or investment advisor can't take place outdoors? As long as there are no eavesdroppers nearby, of course.
What else can be done well is the purchase of natural products. Fresh fruit, for example, which is next to cheese on a table on the side of the road. Or potatoes and meat. It's just a shame if you haven't thought about the purchase in advance and made the necessary arrangements. So an elderly couple in Hinteregglburg leaves the wooden sales room of the farmer with empty hands and regret in their voice. "Too bad, we unfortunately forgot the money".
The disappointment is palpable, because although you have a companion with a wallet, you don't have a container for transport. This is something the friendly acquaintance also lets you know. To which the man replies: "But that's not true! You do have a bag with you!" He points to the hood of the jacket, which you quickly put on before leaving the house, even though the sunshine makes an additional head covering unnecessary. "My wife always packs everything in there!"
And so it happens that you set off on the return journey with a meat filling and that on this midday excursion you have not only gained a lamb's back but also an extremely practical idea. It is quite possible that on this day a second walk will be necessary - after dinner. This time, in fact, for digestion.
Trapped and seriously injured
At around 9 p.m., the 25-year-old drove his Audi on the county road in the direction of Hailfingen and, for reasons that are still unclear, came off the road to the right in a left-hand bend, according to the police report. In the process, the Audi damaged a traffic bollard, collided laterally with a tree and came to a stop a few metres away. The collision trapped the driver in his car, and the fire department freed him using heavy equipment. The emergency services took the seriously injured man to hospital. As there was a suspicion of driving under the influence, a blood sample was taken. According to the police report, the Audi was a total loss, with damages amounting to 1,000 euros.
Donald Trump's tax returns: a point for the rule of law
The US Department of Justice has ruled that the tax authority must hand over the former president's tax returns to Congress.
Trump 2018, still in office as President of the USA
The Treasury Department must instruct the IRS to release the confidential documents to the Finance and Tax Committee, the Ministry's decision on Friday said.
Contrary to political custom in the USA, the real estate entrepreneur Trump did not make his tax returns public, either as a candidate or later as president. He fought against their release all the way to the Supreme Court. A prosecutor's office in New York has now received the documents, but no details may be made public from them - unless a trial takes place.
The release to Congress is more problematic for Trump: there the circle of those with access is somewhat larger and under certain conditions individual details could be published during the course of the committee's investigation. In addition, confidential information is also leaking out of parliament.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Democrat Nancy Pelosi, immediately welcomed the decision as a "victory for the rule of law". Access to the Republican's tax returns is a matter of national security, she wrote on Twitter. "The American people deserve to know the facts about his conflicts of interest and his undermining of our security as president," Pelosi explained.
Cabaret in the Bastion: Life plays out between birth and death
Kirchheim. Pasta or pizza? Samsung or Apple? Which mobile phone contract with so many offers? Stay or leave? Either - or? As slaves to time, people today rush from one appointment to the next, sometimes pushing people and hamburgers in between. Lucy van Kuhl shows in her new programme that the "in-between" state is something exciting.
Lucy van Kuhl tells and sings about situations in life in a humorous and thoughtful way. In her sensitive chansons and crisp, pointed cabaret songs, she gets to the point - and there is also something between the lines. It all starts on Saturday, 18 February, at 8.30 pm in the Kirchheimer Club Bastion.
British heavy criminal caught in Thailand after long flight
London - After five years on the run, a convicted drug offender from Great Britain has been caught in Thailand. As the British Criminal Police NCA announced on Saturday, the man was arrested on Friday by Thai police in a car workshop in Bangkok. The 55-year-old was on the "Most Wanted" list of the most wanted criminals by the NCA.
The leader of the criminal group fled in early 2018 before the start of a trial in which he was sentenced in absentia to 11 years in prison for attempting to import eight million pounds (nine million euros) worth of amphetamines.
Encounters at the Church Table
Bielefeld
What is being served remains a secret. The people are supposed to come to the Vesperkirche primarily to meet others, not because something specific is on the menu. This Sunday is the start, then the Marienkirche in Neustadt will be the dining hall for two weeks.
Cabaret - Stories from the Big Apple
Vince Ebert has a mission: The physicist from Unterfranken, who has lived in Vienna for three years and, according to his own confession, loves Viennese humour, is breaking a lance for science in his cabaret programmes. The programmatic title of his current solo, "Make Science Great Again", fits in well with this. Whether this fits in well with the prevailing domestic scepticism towards science is another matter. His humour, however, fits in very well in Vienna.
The English title is also derived from Ebert's younger life story, as he tried to establish himself as a stand-up comedian in New York for a year in 2019. But now he is back and he tells his German-speaking audience not only about his experiences abroad, but also explains what Wissenaft actually is and what it can do - and what it cannot do. Of course, Corona comes up, but also German thoroughness in the toilet and American engineering.
And he breaks it down to the most important question that many put off: What is really important? All of this with a huge wink, unexcited and very ironic. And so not only are you entertained, but you can also learn something.
Please go for typing... it doesn't take long, it doesn't hurt and it can save many people's lives.
My phone rings with an unknown number. I answer. This woman is the honest finder of her purse.
The Nordcon team also writes: "In contrast to our old location, we only have very few stairs.
MP Pfeiffer calls climate protection a replacement religion. May even be true, because I love this planet and its civilization more than any abstract god.
Ten firefighters and two policemen were injured, some of them seriously, in the explosion.
I can dismiss everything as harmless eccentricity. You don't do that to children.
It is good that for decades the city's politics has recognised the advantages and never questioned them.
Peace and security in times of change? On Monday, 15 May at 6 p.m., the Solidarity Church, the Peace Plenum and the Evangelical City Academy invite you to a lecture and discussion event at the Evangelical College on the topic of "Peace and security in times of change?"
I really don't understand why they don't hold events like this on Sundays, or in the city.
What is #Bahn not doing to drive customers away and ruin its image even further!?
It's genius how well #LuisaNeubauer gets to the point. We need people like her. Thank you Luisa!
Microtransactions in Diablo IV: Blizzard names details and prices of monetization <URL> #DiabloIV #ActivisionBlizzard
After the political crisis and new elections in 2020, politicians of all colours are travelling to Germany together for the first time (!).
I am curious who I will meet and who I will get to know there ;-)
Party colleague Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer eleven, just like the Ministry of Education under Anja Karliczek, she is also a CDU minister.
So that is really nothing new, it is the same with every electronic ticket. Checkin/checkout is a different house number.
Surely no reason to do anything about the tax evasion of 150 billion euros a year in Germany alone.
Is anyone #wortify and found the word with all letters today? If so, please let me know, it's driving me crazy.
I haven't written anything for a long time, the search for a suitable job has taken up all my resources for a long time.
Dunja #Hayali will moderate the #AktuelleSportstudio for the last time next Saturday: <URL>
If the city sets up these cycle routes in the secondary network, he is against it again. Can the man make up his mind?
I actually wanted to grab my camera and go for a walk. What's going on? It's raining.
After a serious accident or other traumatic events, those affected are often in shock. How can you help someone who is in shock?
Digital exclusion: a new form of discrimination - The whole documentary
About me: I always need a bottle of water by the bed. If there is more in the bottle, I usually don't drink it at all or only drink two or three sips.
This is the third nationwide warning strike: 50 railway and transport companies want to strike again from Sunday until Tuesday of next week.
I only get #voice messages from one very good friend. So I make myself a coffee, light a cigarette and listen. It's always very entertaining. He's the only one who's allowed to do that.
Tomorrow I can finally hand in my computer for repair and then the prospects are quite good that I can work again sometime in June. Hey, at least there is a prospect!
The plenary is called upon to follow the idea; this principle must also be anchored in the #CyberResilienceAct and the #ProductLiabilityDirective.
Disposable or reusable? The environmental protection agency recommends reusable, but Lidl uses a disposable system. However, other factors also come into play, such as short transport routes.
The EPP Group in the EU Parliament wants to undermine central components of the EU Commission's Green Deal, such as the pesticide regulation and the renaturation law.
Software problems: Polestar delays production start and cuts staff - <URL>
Tomorrow I have the day off again, because there is no trailer signage and not so much urgent work to do. A Friday that deserves its name!
I bought everything from System Matters, I just prefer PDFs. Currently I am working on the Black Sword Hack.
Dear readers, dear followers, if so, how much does it cost? Are there special conditions? If not, is such a variant still planned? Thank you very much!
A new episode of Hasophonie: "The Illusion of Justice. How we do ourselves and others wrong."
And anyone who cannot understand the panic of the people has not read enough @IPCC_CH@twitter.com reports.
A microphone, energy-saving and inspired by nature
A British research group is using 3D printing to develop biomimetic sound recording systems, based on the senses of the small wax moth.
This was preceded by heated political disputes, including on the general Eastern policy of Willy Brandt (SPD).
I'm not really an elephant fan myself, but maybe it will find a few fans here.
What I wanted to say is that I am happy to answer any questions if I can answer them.
10 years ago I read "Biohacking - Gentechnik aus der Garage". A cool and exciting book.
There are farmers in #Ukraine who own more Russian tanks.
It's a Thursday, but this time it's a normal #Jazz concert that's taking place tonight at the #Jazzhaus #Heidelberg.
I want an orange network card! What color do you have or want?
The preventive examination as a significant point of measurement of the passing of time.
How detached and contemptuous can one actually be? If someone has a heart attack in the evening at the end of the month, they should please stay at home until their account is replenished or their GP is available. I am already looking forward to the debate on this motion! Health Minister Lauterbach, on the other hand.
Several firefighters and police officers were seriously injured in the explosion in #Ratingen. According to @rponline-Ticker & NRW-IM Reul, there are vague indications that the man was mentally close to Corona deniers. He was being sought by warrant.
Specifically, about a star: the sun, its protuberances, but above all, how much of the energy that arrives from it we let in and get rid of again, and at what level.
All jokes are made
And we laughed a lot. The sound faded away quietly.
On the way home. The applause sounds strange. Who was it applauding for? Or was it just pleasant for us
To see only the other in what has been said? To see ourselves in them...
hmmm, before touching cyclists, "En garde" must be called out loud and clear.
Hello Julia, I hope you enjoyed your funeral and the burial of your urn.
"A Brief History of Religion on Anthropogenic Climate Change: From the Myth of Eternal Carbon Dioxide or How Elegant Theses Become Gospels When They Are in Danger of Failing in Earthly Practice."
The further expansion of the Federal Police into an instrument of repressive isolation policy will not be improved by a few control receipts. But also for the first time #labeling obligation and control receipts against #RacialProfiling.
Sovereign Storm of Grailknights live on stage at Colos-Saal Aschaffenburg, 1 April 2023.
New legal opinion sees chat control as incompatible with EU fundamental values. Nevertheless, the Commission is continuing.
... and one more thing, I found the email on a local notebook. The house doesn't lose anything! You can rely on my digital messitum.
If you have enough money, you can demand that too. The economy will be happy.
Healthy materials were used in the construction, and resource-saving construction was taken into account.
So, according to the current planning, I will be driving electrically, possibly, from September. We'll see how often the construction date is postponed until then....
Human rights organizations are now sounding the alarm: the freedom of the vote is in danger.
Moitzfeld: Discussion about new daycare <URL> #radioberg #bergischesland #nachrichten #lokalnachrichten #nrw #oberberg #rheinberg #news
The Federal Prosecutor's Office is refusing to investigate.
Grandpa, recycle, principle, what you need, you host out of the ground, what you want to get rid of, you put in the ground.
But even on Feldberg, with just under two degrees, it's not enough for "ice". We'll see how it goes on Sunday at Schluchsee.
Are there also people from #GenerationZ here in the #Fediverse or on the NRW.social instance?
Understandable, it has been a long time since we have seen such a goal spectacle here!
I spoke with people a few days ago who criticized exactly this about "politics".
Where do you want to use me so that you don't go bankrupt? What do you pay? Can I chill in my home office? And I want a 4-day week.
Train strike: Will I still get to my destination after 10 p.m. on Sunday? - The Deutsche Bahn assumes that train travel will continue until the beginning of the warning strike on Sunday. But what if passengers haven't arrived at their destination by then?
Hacking & Pentest Hardware Talk at the Police
I was invited to present the most important tools to the future police officers and policewomen.
Great book: the maid. By Nita Prose. Crime novel with interesting protagonists and an unexpected perspective. Exciting until the very end.
NBA: Stephen Curry with 27 points, Warriors beat Lakers - Highlights, Boxscore, Stats: <URL> #basketball #nba
At Hertha, this is still questionable, but a win against the last-placed team from Berlin is in the air.
Now I have to get a nice story off my chest.
I absolutely did not expect to receive a paper train ticket in the post.
The number of sick leave days for care workers has risen sharply from 2021 to 2022. How did that happen? According to data from the Techniker Krankenkasse (TK), which is available to the Evangelical Press Service, the number of sick leave days increased by 40 percent compared to 2021.
A report by the German Trade Union Federation (DGB) also shows how high the workload is, particularly in nursing care.
Transgender: Does not identify with the gender assigned at birth.
The 2020 US election: still "stolen". His interviewer: "wicked". One day after his conviction for sexual abuse, Donald Trump faces questions from a moderator and the audience at CNN.
Budget policy: Tax revenues lower than expected
This will make the budget negotiations more difficult.
Maybe the search engine and Google Assistant will finally understand that they don't need to show anything with meat for cooking.
A #PopClip extension that allows you to highlight text in #Obsidian with color... <URL>
#FAV2023 After a #coaching session and lunch break, the #digital supervisors continue
"#Batteries from outdated #EAutos are often still not exhausted. In a #pilot project, they are used to store #electricity from #renewable energy and to balance out #network fluctuations."
#Democracy|s have also generated broad #prosperity up to now. We will see what a democracy is worth if it no longer means prosperity.
Arrived at the #Amtrak Station Providence, Rhode Island.
Rebuilding this artwork is an option to get rid of this straight line of concrete slabs. I intend to do so.
Google's pretty heavy-handed AI demonstration of power <URL>
The entrance to our hotel in Argenton-sur-Creuse - makes you want to explore the world behind it.
I am at a loss. And I notice how more and more the fear arises that I have something terrible boiling inside me that is not being dealt with.
I still have about 200 euros worth of unused train tickets from the last #warnstreik.
Fairbuds XL: This is what sustainability sounds like
They are easy to repair.
Pakistan: Supreme Court orders release of Imran Khan
The lawyer of Pakistan's former prime minister has been successful with his complaint: Imran Khan is to be released. Thousands had protested after his arrest.
The line closure between Herchen and Eitorf has been lifted. The unauthorised persons on the line between Herchen and Eitorf have been apprehended.
1. General
The one-man entertainment device BATTLEZONE is equipped with a Vector or X/Y monitor. This game illustrates the battle from the perspective of a tank driver. The battles take place in a wide valley, which is completely surrounded by mountains and volcanoes. In the valley there are rock pyramids and rock cubes, which offer the player temporary protection, as they cannot be destroyed by enemy shots.
The opponent is represented by slow moving chain vehicles and fast super tanks, as well as quick rockets, which become increasingly difficult to hit during the extended game play. In addition, UFOs appear at periodic intervals. These cannot attack the player's tank. Conversely, the player can achieve a high score by hitting a UFO. The BATTLEZONE unit has five (5) different modes of operation. These are the attraction mode, the game initiation mode, the game play mode, the high score initial entry mode, and the self-test mode. The latter mode represents a special mode for testing the controls and the computer function.
4. Gameplay
The game sequence is triggered when the pressure switch START is activated. The LED switch remains lit and the game sounds become audible. When the last player tank is eliminated by the enemy attacker, the game is over. The game begins with slowly moving tanks that become visible on the screen. The player can determine the position of the respective enemy tanks or missiles by paying attention to the text displayed in the upper left corner of the cockpit's information display. A hint might be, for example: ENEMY FROM THE RIGHT. Additionally, a point representing the enemy position is visible on the wide-ranging radar screen, accompanied by a sonar BLIP tone.
The upper, conical area on the radar screen represents the player's field of vision on the screen below. If the enemy is in this area, he is easy to target on the screen. Furthermore, the message ENEMY IN FIRE ZONE is displayed in the upper left corner of the screen.
At times, UFOs appear on the screen, flying over the battlefield. These are harmless flying objects that observe the battle and cannot eliminate the enemy or the player's tank. The flight position of the UFOs cannot be detected by the radar. The UFOs are intended to round off the battle and distract the player, as they usually appear at the same time as enemy tanks or rockets. UFOs can be eliminated by both the player's tank and the enemy's tank. A shot by the player brings 5,000 points. If an enemy is hit, the following points are achieved: 1,000 points for a slow-moving tank, 2,000 points for a rocket and 3,000 points for a super tank. A super tank drives and rotates twice as fast as the player's tank or an enemy's slow-moving tank. There are several options that give the setter the opportunity to use 2, 3, 4 or even 5 tanks. Furthermore, after reaching certain point scores, a bonus tank can be released and the appearance of the rocket can be varied for a more difficult game design. Details and the exact switching positions of the game design selector switch for this setting option can be seen in the illustration.
5. Initial input for maximum results
If a player exceeds the minimum score on the high score table, HE or SHE can enter three (3) personal initials on the table at the end of the game. The instruction for this is self-explanatory and can be displayed in four languages. Note that when a self-test is triggered, the RESET button on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PCB is pressed or the mains power is interrupted, the high score table is erased. When erased (RESET), the ten (10) highest scores with their initials are retained and re-entered on the screen to challenge further players. Any score over 100,000 is also marked with a tank symbol followed by the player's initials. If a player does not enter his or her initials within 60 seconds, dashes will be entered automatically by the computer. The unit will then revert to the amusement game mode.
1. New parts
The BATTLEZONE unit has five (5) new components. If you have had experience with ATARI video units, you should be aware of these important differences. The new components are: A. The control lever. This is a redesign of the ATARI control lever. It has been reinforced by several additional ribs in the inner and outer housing parts, which makes this unit more stable and ensures proper functioning of the switch contacts. Another modification is the rubber centering bellows, which, like a centering spring, always brings the control lever back to the center position. The micro switches are now attached with self-locking nuts for easier replacement. B. Two PC boards. ATARI's X/Y game circuit has been expanded to two (2) interconnected boards. These are the analog vector generator and auxiliary boards. With the help of this circuit technology, more lines are generated on the screen at a higher speed, resulting in a smooth and calm image. C. The power supply. Battlezone is equipped with a newly designed power supply. It has a larger, more powerful transformer to cover the increased power supply given by the expansion of the circuit. D. The game housing. Due to the new design, it was now possible to install a new case with a larger coin capacity. In addition, the unit has a console that is intended as a podium for smaller players to make playing easier. At the same time, this console ensures maximum stability of the unit at the installation site.
These new components, as well as all other major components of this appliance, are shown in Figure 1. If any of these new components are mentioned in this manual, you will find this symbol. 2. Inspection of the appliance
After removing the packaging, this new entertainment device is ready to play. However, you should still carry out a certain amount of checks to complete the quality control. To be sure that the device was delivered to you in a proper condition, the following checks should be carried out: NOTE: Do not connect the device to the 220 V network yet. A. Examine the outer side of the housing for damage. B. Open the maintenance flap of the device and check the components inside the device as follows: (1) Check all cable harness plugs for correct and firm connection. Connect any open or loose plugs to each other.
NOTE: Never force the plug connections. The plugs are designed with a positive-locking feature to ensure a proper connection. Inverting the plug by 180 degrees will destroy the PCB.
(2) Check the plug connections to the game PC board for correct and secure fit. (3) Note the manufacturing number on the type plate on the back of the unit. Check that the stamped manufacturing number matches those on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PC board, Auxiliary PC board, Control/Audio II PC board and TV monitor. A diagram showing the location of the manufacturing number is on the back cover of this manual. This number should always be quoted when contacting your dealer for further service information. (4) Check all other major components such as the power supply, control console and TV monitor for correct assembly. (5) Finally, the unit must be connected to the mains and switched on. A check through the player's viewing glass should confirm that the radar screen is located in the bright orange-circled opening in the cover. If the opening is not centred exactly, the cover, secured with adhesive tape to the cabinet, must be removed and realigned. Before connecting the unit to the mains, ensure that the voltage selector switch on the power supply (see Figure 3) is set to match the local mains voltage. Check the cable colour on the plug and check the connection values as listed below:
HAVING PROBLEMS WITH YOUR SOFTWARE? Below is a list of tips that can help you solve most problems with current DirectX games. Checking System Configuration
Please take the time to check that your system meets the requirements listed on the packaging. If you are unsure whether your PC meets the requirements, you can use the DirectX Diagnostic Tool to get an overview of your system. To run the DirectX Diagnostic Tool, please follow these steps: Click on the "Start" button and select "Run". Type "dxdiag" in the text field. The DirectX Diagnostic Tool user interface will now be displayed. Here you have access to all relevant system details, including information about the graphics and sound card. You can check whether graphics and sound are working correctly by clicking on the corresponding buttons to test DirectDraw, Direct3D and DirectSound. Note: If you do not have advanced computer knowledge, we would advise against changing any of the options in the DirectX Diagnostic Tool.
It is possible that other programs are using up the system resources that the game needs to run properly. Not all of these programs are obviously active, and many of them start automatically when the system is booted up. Such programs that are always active on your system are also known as "background applications". In some cases, they can be the cause of your program freezing or crashing. Therefore, we recommend that you close such background applications before starting the game. - If antivirus or crash guard programs are running on your system, you should close or disable them before starting the game. To do this, look for the program's icon in the Windows taskbar, right-click the icon and select the appropriate option (such as "Disable", "Close", or similar). - Once you have disabled the antivirus and crash guard programs, you should also close any general background applications, as these can sometimes cause problems when you are installing or running a PC game. You can read more about this in the section "How to close all unnecessary background applications". Cleaning up the system
Before installing software, you need to ensure that your hard drive is working optimally. Therefore, you should make it a habit to "clean up" your PC at regular intervals. The tools you need to do this are included with Windows: use ScanDisk, defragmentation and disk cleanup to ensure that everything runs smoothly. This will greatly increase the chances of current games running smoothly on your PC. A "clean" system also has the advantage of working much more efficiently, and therefore other applications you use will run faster and more stably. Consult the Windows help files to learn more about the ScanDisk, Error Checking, Defragmentation and Disk Cleanup tools. Using Windows Help
1. Click on the “Start” button and select the “Help” (or “Help and Support”) option to call up the Windows Help. 2. Now click in the search field and enter the corresponding keyword, e.g. “ScanDisk” (Win 98/ME), “Error Checking” (Win 2000/XP), “Defragmentation” and “Disk Cleanup”. You will then receive instructions that explain how to use these tools.
The game crashes or freezes?
For games that use the latest version of DirectX, you should make sure you have the latest drivers for your graphics card. This can often prevent a game from crashing or freezing. - First, you should try to download the latest drivers from the graphics card manufacturer's website. Here are the latest graphics card manufacturers:
How to end all unnecessary background applications
Important: After you have ended a game, you should reactivate background applications by restarting your computer. This will automatically reactivate all background applications that you ended. Windows 98/ME
1. Hold down the CTRL and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTER. This will bring up the "Close Program" window, which lists all the background applications that are currently running on your system. 2. To end a background application, click on the entry in the task list and then click on the "End Task" button. Note: Do not end the background applications Explorer and Systray, as these are required for Windows to run. You can safely end all other background applications. 3. The window will now close and the task will be ended. Repeat the above steps to end all other background applications (except for "Explorer" and "Systray").
1. Hold down the Ctrl and Alt keys on your keyboard, and then press Entf. The Windows Security window will now appear. 2. Click on "Task Manager" to open the Windows Task Manager. To end a background application, switch to the "Applications" tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list, and then click on the "End Task" button. Note: Depending on your system settings, when you press Ctrl, Alt and Entf, the Windows Security window may not appear, but instead the Windows Task Manager will appear immediately. Windows XP Home
1. Hold down the Ctrl and Alt keys on your keyboard and then press the Delete key. This will bring up the Windows Task Manager. 2. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click on the “End Task” button.
If you want to call, you should sit down at your PC and have the following information ready (see "Checking the System Configuration" section). Please also have paper and pen ready. - PC brand and model - Processor type - Operating system including version number (e.g. Windows® 98; Windows® Me) - RAM (memory) - Information about graphics and sound card and drivers
INTRODUCTORY NOTES ON DISTANCE
The desire to create video games was sparked in me by the advent of 3D real-time technology, which suddenly opened up a lot of new possibilities and seemed to me to be a new means of expression that allowed you to push the world to its limits. It represented for me a way of discovering new horizons. I felt like a cinematographic pioneer at the beginning of the 20th century: on the one hand, I was struggling with the still immature technology, but on the other hand, I was aware that there was still everything to discover - especially a new language, both narrative and visual. To be honest, the next ten years could not satisfy my hunger. I had the vague feeling that video games only used a tiny part of their amazing creative possibilities because they were too focused on "action" and forgot a fundamental element of the human experience: emotions. Meanwhile, technology continued to make rapid progress. Fahrenheit represents my contribution to making video games a true means of expression that conveys emotions. Even if this could have happened in a completely different way, Fahrenheit's greatest merit is that it raises real questions and offers concrete answers. Fahrenheit is proof that it is possible to create an interactive gaming experience that is not just based on fighting abhorrent monsters in dark corridors and shooting crates to get ammunition, but has much more demanding and profound content. It is proof that it is possible to tell a story and offer game content without having to sacrifice the narrative or interactive elements. I hope that both hardcore gamers and casual gamers will enjoy this new gaming experience. If you are rather skeptical about video games, I hope that Fahrenheit will help change your mind. May other developers also feel the desire to take this new creative path and enrich it with their own inspiration, talent and ambition. Interactivity is still in its infancy and offers the chance to discover everything yet. Over the past two years, Fahrenheit has filled a large part of our lives and has been an unforgettable human and intellectual adventure for the entire Quantic Dream team, which forced us to question many of the previously unquestionable principles. I would be delighted if Fahrenheit - like books, films and songs that have left a lasting impression on you - also leaves a lasting impression on you. David Cage
The README FILE
The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM contains a ReadMe file that contains the license agreement and updated information about the game. We recommend that you read this file to be aware of any changes that have been made since this manual was printed. To view the file, double-click the ReadMe file in the Fahrenheit directory on your hard drive (usually C:\Program Files\Atari\Fahrenheit). Alternatively, you can access the ReadMe file by clicking the Start button on the Windows® taskbar, then clicking Programs, Atari, Fahrenheit, and finally the ReadMe file.
Setup and Installation
1. Start Windows® 2000/XP. 2. Insert the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM into the DVD-ROM drive. 3. If the "AutoPlay" option is enabled, the title screen should appear. If "AutoPlay" is not enabled or the installation does not start automatically, click on the Start button of the Windows® taskbar and then click on "Execute". Enter D:\Setup and then click on "OK". Note: If your DVD-ROM drive is assigned a letter other than "D", use this accordingly. 4. Follow the instructions on the screen to complete the installation of the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM. 5. Once the installation is complete, click on the Start button of the Windows® taskbar and select Programs/Atari/Fahrenheit/Fahrenheit to start the game. Note: The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM must be in the DVD-ROM drive for you to be able to play.
This SERVICE MANUAL is intended to familiarize you with the installation and maintenance of the QIX TV entertainment machine. The front pages describe the game sequence, in addition to important information for installation and maintenance. The following service tips assume general knowledge of microprocessors, TTL circuits and TV monitors. No attempt should be made to repair the electronic part of the machine without such knowledge. The manual concludes with the electrical diagrams. We ask that you carefully observe the instructions in this manual to ensure satisfactory operation of the machine.
The information and illustrations contained in this SERVICE MANUAL correspond to the state at the time of printing. CHANGES RESERVED DUE TO TECHNICAL PROGRESS, HOWEVER NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE! Please observe the following when setting up.
Transport damage
If external transport damage is visible, this must be reported immediately, recorded on a transport document and confirmed by the delivery agent (shipping company, railway, etc.). The manufacturer is not liable for transport damage! Power supply
The device is set for the mains voltage indicated on the rating plate. For other mains voltages, the device transformer and the monitor transformer must be switched over. According to VDE regulations, the device is equipped with a protective earth connection and is only intended for dry rooms. Correct operation of the coin mechanism requires the device to be set up level and upright. SERVICE TIPS
IMPORTANT! If at any time the display on the monitor is unintelligible, please turn the unit off for a short time (pull the plug) and then turn it back on. If the unit does not work properly after this, it needs to be repaired.
Before repair, unplug the power cord! During inspection and testing: Do not touch any parts that carry voltage! Even when the unit is turned off, the monitor may still carry dangerous voltage. CAUTION, HIGH VOLTAGE! The anode terminal of the picture tube carries approximately 20,000 volts. Replace fuses only with fuses of the same rating. A blown fuse indicates that a component is overloaded. Replacing a fuse with a higher rating may cause serious damage. Replace components only with original replacement parts. Never remove printed circuits/connections while the unit is turned on. SERVICE MANUAL QIX
Gameplay
Pressing the appropriate start button starts the game for one or (with a minimum credit of 2) two players. The object is to get as much area as possible without crossing the path of the rotating QIX or hitting the wandering SPARX. The game is set up so that a minimum area must be taken before the next area (round) can be attempted. The timed SPARX are shown at the top of the screen by red timing lines. When the red lines meet, additional SPARX are released. When the alarm sounds, the SPARX become super SPARX and more aggressive. If your marker gets into the death spiral while you are trying to draw your area, it is destroyed because you cannot cross your own path or go back. If you hesitate and do not complete your area, a fuse is lit and your marker is destroyed. Two speed settings are available. At slow drawing speed, points are doubled. After opening the control panel, the 4 programming and test switches are accessible.
The QIX game is capable of self-testing, providing data and demonstrating that circuits and controls are working properly. For more information, see "Service Program." The volume can be adjusted using the VOLUME control on the Data/Sound PC board.
Programming and Test Switch: SUB-TEST
Function: Scroll to the next label
Programming and Test Switch: TEST
Function: Move on to the next program step (display)
Programming and Test Switch: Up
Function: Reset to factory setting (until the lettering is green), increment by 1 step (when the lettering is green) Programming and test switch: Down
Function: Count back 1 step
There is the possibility of installing a coin counter in the device. A line to 412 V DC supply. A line to connection J 15 - 13 on the ROM/IC board.
SERVICE PROGRAM
General. The 4 switches, self-test button and LEDs on the video PC board are used for programming and testing.
Programming display. This display is used to select the language (English, French, Spanish, German) in which the address programming and the game are to be carried out. The languages can be set using the "Sub-Test" switch. When the desired language appears in green, press the "Test" switch to move to the next programming display. Programming for use. This display is used to determine the difficulty level for the game. It can also be used to set a "maximum number of credits" that may be present before the game begins. The label to be changed is set by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch (which appears in green). The desired value for this line is programmed using the "Up" or "Down" switch. The factory or default setting can be reached by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch repeatedly when the bottom line (RESET line) appears in green. Press the "Up" switch to reset the values. The pointer (also called the green line) jumps to the first line, and further programming can be carried out. "Test" always triggers the next programming display. "Back" [Reserve High Score Value x 10,000) is used to transfer the high score points to the next programming display until "High Hit Rate So Far". This value determines the number of points/hits that a player needs to achieve in order to have his or her initials (name) and hit points displayed on the screen. "Maximum Number of Credits" determines a coin acceptance limit for the device. When the limit is exceeded, the coin acceptance is locked if a coin lock is present. This can be used to limit the number of games that a player can play. This value is from 1 to 99. It should not be set so close to 99 that the credits cannot be reset to zero by inserting a coin when the total is over 99. A free play mode can be selected by setting "Maximum Number of Credits" to "0". Further programming: "Number of Games": Number of marks per credit
"Threshold": The % value that must be reached to switch to the next pass
"Time limit": Release for additional Sparx
"Difficulty": Difficulty level of the gameplay
"Anziehton": at "0" no tone in standby mode
at "1" sound also in standby mode (animation sound) "table model": at "0" standby device
at "1" table device
The credits per coin are set on the "Insert Coin Programming" display. High Score Program display (Highest score so far"). The score points and initials of the player appear, including the next 10 score points. The values are used to set the high score that was selected on the previous display (set to "back"). Pressing the "Up" button sets the initials to QIX standard. Pressing the "Test" button displays the next program display. The "Total Evaluation". Pressing the "Up" button can be set to 0. The following values are recorded: Total Credit: The number of credits paid. The total number is not set to 0. When 1,000,000 is reached, the count starts over. The total number can only appear at 0 when the battery or the W1 connector is removed with the device turned off. Left-side coins: Number of coins inserted in the left coin slot. Middle coins: (not available) Right-side coins: Number of coins inserted in the right coin slot. Paid Credits: Number of credits given for inserted (redeemed coins). Granted Credits: Number of credits given by the device. % Free Games: Granted Credits (Paid + Granted Credits per 100) Minutes Played: Number of minutes played. Won Minutes: Number of minutes with extended or won game. % Leisure Time: Won minutes/minutes played per 100. Average Game Duration in sec.: Minutes played/Paid + Granted Credits
High Score (Hit Rate): Number of times a player has had a high enough hit rate to knock other players off the high score list. Pressing the "Up" button will reset the values to 0. Pressing the "Test" button will bring up the next program display.
Slot programming/normal coin setting. This display allows the operator to select a standard coin setting or program a different setting
If a default setting is provided, the programming is selected by pressing the "Up" and "Down" buttons while the top digit is green on the screen. The size values change with the change of the digit. When the correct setting is reached by pressing the "Test" button, the setting is adopted. If a setting is desired that does not correspond to the default setting, the values can be set by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. After pressing once, the upper setting digit is set to 0, which means that the user can make his own settings. Since the lower values are unchanged, the programmer can reduce his setting efforts by selecting a setting that is close to his desired values and only changing the values that are not appropriate. As soon as the setting is done, any new size to be set can be selected by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. If the "Up" and "Down" buttons are pressed unintentionally, the default setting appears. The "Coin Multiplier" ("Coin Unit") indicates how many coin units are given for each coin inserted through an associated slot. Coin units - "Credit" shows the number of units required before a credit is issued. "Bonus" coin units shows the required units before a bonus credit is issued. "Min. Coin" is a value that accumulates credits until a fixed minimum amount of coins is reached. If the default setting is used, this value is not used. CMOS MEMORY FAILURE
If "Memory Failure - Service Required" appears on the display, the CMOS RAM, where all the programming is stored, has failed. All values stored in the RAM are reset to the factory default settings. This condition is probably due to a failure or error in the battery.
SEARCHING FOR ERRORS AND SETTINGS
Beginning of the test method. Press the "Sub-Test" switch or the "Self-Test" button (SW 1 near the LED display). All LEDs should light up and the hardware test can begin. The tests and settings can be entered for the respective program display by pressing the "Test" switch. The next program is displayed each time. If a continuous test of the video board is desired, the Self-Test button must be pressed twice so that the video test begins in the Auto-Test mode. In this program, the device will perform the hardware test continuously until it is turned off. If the display "Open Coin Door to Test" appears, the program plug J 19, 1 - 2 must be inserted. When the J 19 plug is removed, the memory (memory) is protected and the CMOS RAM test video cannot be performed. Hardware tests: These tests are performed as follows: O = off / I = on / X = test results
The ROM checksum calculates the checksum of each video ROM and compares it with the checksum stored for that ROM. If a difference is found, the unit stops and the value of the ROM with the wrong checksum appears on the LEDs. If the checksum ROM is faulty, U 10 is first displayed. If this test fails, the next ROM displayed on the LED display must be replaced. The E-PROM memory in a given game can be introduced as a bank (series) of either 2716 or 2732 E-PROMs. The E-PROM type for each series is selected by the decoding plug (26-00002-016 for 2716 or 26-00002-032 for 2732). Communications RAM from the video board
The Communications RAM test determines the operational reliability of the memory shared by two processors by storing a predetermined series of numbers in the RAM and then checking whether the storage was correct. LED value: 00 0010 If the Gerdt with the aforementioned display holds, an error has been discovered. If the Communications RAMs fail during the video board test, the error may have been caused by a defective wiring (RAM) or error in the data board. To locate the error, remove the data board from P 6 and repeat the test. A failure means: error in U 3, U 4 or associated circuits.
Video Board CMOS RAM
After values have been written to another part of the memory, the CMOS RAM is tested in the same way as the Communications RAM. If the test is passed, all memory locations are set to their previous value. LED value: 00 0011 If the device has the above display, there is an error. In this case, check U 85 and U 86 and the associated circuits or the decoding.
Check the video board color RAM by writing predetermined sequences of numbers into the color RAM. These sequences are then read back to check for accuracy. LED value: 00 0100. If this value is displayed, there is an error. Check U 56, U 57, the multiplexer and decoder associated with them.
Video Board (Display RAM). The Display RAM is tested by writing a pattern on each side. The results of these writes are compared to the original pattern. Any discrepancies will cause the program to halt and the LEDs will indicate the bad RAM. If a Display RAM fails, locate the problem and replace the RAM. If this diagnostic does not indicate a RAM failure (00 0101 on LEDs), it indicates that the next test is being started (Data Hardware). The connection to the Data Processor must be present and operational.
Unfortunately disappointed
The jacket arrived after 2 days with AMAZON logistics. That is also the reason for star No. 1. The second reason is that the correct jacket arrived without any noticeable sewing errors. BUT I had been looking forward to this jacket too much, so the disappointment was all the greater. I had oriented myself on the basis of other reviews and ordered the jacket in L. Since it is supposed to fit so tightly and I didn’t want to struggle with an S or M in terms of my bust size... In the end, it would have fit in terms of length and at the waist... I could swim in the rest. Moreover, the lining material was already coming out of the package and spreading everywhere. Just a shame... It will be sent back:/
Fast delivery and good processing
The jacket looks great. We were surprised by the good workmanship. You can wear it on both sides. We ordered it for our daughter and she is totally thrilled. She usually wears a size 158 and the size 36 fits her really well and will certainly be worn next year too. We can recommend placing an order.
Robust quality
I chose the rubber pad c because I always work with wood on the car jack and that is not optimal. Unfortunately, I misjudged the size and the pad does not fit completely. But that is my mistake. I then slightly modified it so that it fits. The pad looks very robust and you no longer damage the edges. You can use the groove or the entire surface. It worked without any problems. It no longer slips. I would buy it again immediately.
Unfortunately too big for under 1 year
The product itself is quite okay, but not for under a year. The chew area is much too big for a small mouth. We bought it when our son was 7 months old and he couldn’t use it because of its size. Now at 12 months we have taken it out again and he can use it. He hasn’t been able to bite anything with his few teeth. And when it was in the fridge, it calmed him down a lot.
Quality not good enough / Unfortunately declining
I must have been blinded by the overly enthusiastic reviews. I would like to point out that I already have two Lowepro backpacks in use. One is very large (for storing equipment) and the other is quite small for the most important, everyday things that you take with you. Since I just bought the Sigma 70-200 2.8, the small Lowepro has become too small and I need a replacement. During Prime Day, I bought this backpack for a really affordable price (just under 29 euros) and was actually very happy with the purchase, having read many of the reviews beforehand. But when the backpack arrived yesterday, I was disappointed: For under 30 euros, it's not bad, but that's all you can say. But that it can keep up with the reputable products that are sold for much higher prices... People, that's just not true! I really hoped that it was, but it's just not the case. The padded walls are much thinner and don't offer the same protection as my Lowepro. And the partitions inside are of a completely different caliber, much more flimsy. Overall, the feel of this backpack is not comparable to my Lowepro. The zippers and the materials of the pockets for small items are not exactly high quality. That's why I decided that the backpack is going back. If I buy equipment that costs many thousands of euros, I unfortunately have to spend the money on a decent backpack. Quality apparently has its price. For someone who doesn't want to spend a lot of money, the backpack is probably a good choice, but not for me. And it's not like the decision was hard to make. When I took the backpack out of the box, I knew after two minutes that it was going back. What I did like was the color inside. You can definitely find your things much faster than with a gray interior. For someone who has different demands on a backpack, the backpack is probably a great thing, but mine is going back.
Disappointed with the third part unfortunately
So far, I had liked the Electrik series by E. L. Todd the best, but my opinion was revised with this book. I had found the first two books very strong and also recommendable and had really been looking forward to the third part. In this part, it was all about the feelings of Volt and Taylor and I found it unnecessarily drawn out. Taylor has been swooning over Volt for so long, finally admits everything and then behaves like a little child and withdraws?! At the same time, there were also inconsistencies, in my opinion, because at the end of the second part, Volt still tried to convince Taylor's ex and did not believe him when he said that Taylor would stand by him and try to convince the ex that Taylor could not do without him and that he had heard it himself. But at the beginning of the third part, Volt seems to have forgotten everything and is fighting for Taylor. I had hoped that this would be the last part of the series and think that this part is the weakest and also quite unnecessary. I will still read the fourth part and hope that it will finally come out that Taylor's girlfriend Sarah is Volt's ex. That would bring more excitement into the story.
Humans destroy everything, don't know how to appreciate things and don't learn from it! First of all: The film is not as bad as many people write. Of course, the story is totally constructed and designed according to the same F scheme. If you have seen the beginning, you know how the end is. And the message is always the same: Humans destroy everything, don't know how to appreciate things and don't learn from it! And that's exactly what the film wants to tell us! How often did I think during the film (and that's even though I know it's just a film and the animals come from the computer): Oh my God, the poor animals, it often makes me cry. Therefore, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is really well done. It's just a shame that humans don't get the message behind the film, even though it's a mainstream film. We consistently destroy the environment and the animals and ultimately our planet and ourselves. Out of greed for profit and out of stupidity and arrogance! No empathy for the environment and the living beings: Not present. 4 stars because the film is well made, but unfortunately always according to the same principle, otherwise 5 stars would have been in it. Nevertheless, well-made popcorn cinema.
a quiet, sensitive film
Some people expect a film like 8 Mile. This film is not a Hollywood blockbuster and does not want to be one. This film is above all "French" - it is also calm, sensitive, empathetic, authentic and brings you to tears - if you let yourself be drawn in and do not expect anything from it, which it does not want to be.
Problematic
Taste like Quench from the 90s, no way orange, but that doesn't matter. 5 days every morning a packet: nothing has moved, but absolutely nothing. My waistline has grown by 12 cm! Bloating like never before! Then diarrhea 5-8 times a day. Not very helpful, unfortunately, despite immediately stopping, the diarrhea has been going on for 1 week. It is noticeable that only 2 stars were given for the smaller package size (unfortunately only seen too late), while the larger one got a full 5? That is very, very strange!
Horrible smell and poor results! I dyed my blonde hair chocolate brown in October with an intense coloring, in February/March I used this hair color remover. I used the product twice. The first time I immediately noticed that it stinks terribly! However, it still gave a not too bad result, it came out a bit darker (like hazelnut). Since I didn't get the result I wanted, I used it again, as instructed, if I wasn't satisfied with the result. This time it was a complete waste of time! It didn't make any difference, my hair looked like the first attempt. What was the worst thing was that it still smelled weeks after the application... No matter how often I washed my hair, the smell just wouldn't go away.
Very Recommendable
I have been taking the tablets for a longer period of time and always one tablet every 5 days. My vitamin balance has been in the basement for a long time due to my work, too little exercise and a longer additional illness. I wanted to help my immune system not only through healthy nutrition but also through the intake of vitamin D3 and K2. This works very well. I feel fitter and much better. I sleep better and get up better. The price is also great because you also have to consider how long you can take the tablets. Absolutely recommended.
Function not entirely satisfactory!!! After 3 months of using the battery case, I discovered the following major defects, which I find very annoying: 1) The case has problems connecting to the phone over time. This means that the phone no longer charges even though you have pressed the "Power On/Off" button for 3 seconds. If you remove the phone from the case and put it back in, you solve the problem in 70% of cases, but this creates a new defect. 2) Due to frequently removing and re-inserting the phone into the case, the cover is now so worn that it comes off the case by itself, which is why I have almost lost it several times. These are not many major defects, but I think that a case with a battery should work perfectly in its function and that is why I am very disappointed with the product, especially since I have only been using it for 3 months and for the cost of 30€.
Too expensive, too thin and disappointing
I don't know how all these good reviews come about. At the end of the day, it's actually just a glasses cleaning cloth that you get as a gift from every optician in a slightly smaller form. The cleaning effect is just as good as with a kitchen towel and not better. I had expected much more from these cloths, they are really very thin. Since I have used it, I can unfortunately no longer exchange it, I am disappointed and cannot recommend it from my side. The price for these cloths is far too high, you shouldn't pay more than 2 euros.
I doubt the frequency response
I bought this speaker for the shower, as my smaller free speaker that I got as a promotional gift unfortunately broke. In general, the Onforu works great, is waterproof (I dropped it in the shower), gives bass like bass, Bluetooth works great... The suction cup of course needs to be watered, otherwise it will come off... It can play sound very loud... Yes... What I see critically is the frequency response of this little speaker. As I said, bass is played as bass and not converted into a higher frequency. However, this causes a problem. Some frequencies are played very loudly, while others remain very quiet. While some frequencies of the singing are almost painful in the ears, higher and lower frequencies are just barely audible. My old speaker did not play bass well as bass, but the frequencies were represented in the volume quite naturally. Unfortunately, this is not really the case with the Onforu, which I find a bit annoying. Therefore, I have to deduct a star for this. I expected more from the frequency response.
very bad
In a few places the paint had chipped and when you walked over it with your hand the paint would come off. We wanted to have it picked up for free because we didn't want it anymore, but unfortunately only at our expense. They would only replace the damaged parts but what if both cabinets were damaged. Poor service from the manufacturer. Amazon took care of everything for us and refunded our money. A big thank you to Amazon.
Rather spend a bit more money
The price is relatively low, which is noticeable in the quality. The product is delivered as individual parts that you have to glue together yourself. The product was packaged in a simple envelope made of thin cardboard. There was no additional protection. Since the postman stuffed the product into my mailbox, a few templates were damaged. I didn't complain because I urgently needed this product. The glue that was included barely holds, but it sticks well - like chewing gum that doesn't get hard. Already one day after gluing, almost half of the templates had fallen off the wooden sticks. Since the glue doesn't dry out (at least it was still not dry 5 days after gluing), you have to be careful that nothing sticks together. The templates are partially incomplete. For a one-time use and as a gag for a party, it's okay, but for a wedding, I would invest a bit more money and go for a high-quality product.
I am not dissatisfied. The wardrobe looks good and is easy to assemble, even if the instructions are not so clear. + magnetic lock + nice look + stable when assembled + shelf can be positioned as desired
- Doors slam shut due to magnets (this can be compensated for with rubber stoppers) - some dirty spots
- the screws that came with it are much too small and wobble (I didn't have any others and I didn't have a glue gun at home, so I stuck them on with craft glue) - the holders for the shelf wobble a bit (I wrapped them in paper and balanced them out) Conclusion: If it didn't look so good and have such good measurements, I would give it fewer stars, because you have to make everything fit to be really satisfied. I also think it's a bit too expensive for that.
The coffee tastes good to me....but
...there are only 3 stars. The taste is subjectively good, but in my opinion the original capsules are better (but also much more expensive). I would have given 5 stars. Unfortunately, the coffee does not run through evenly (if at all!). The additional plastic waste (individually packaged, see photo) means that I deduct a star. I hope that the manufacturer changes this and soon gets full marks.
Turn off my alarm
The alarm clock arrived quickly and everything is easy to set up. But: the natural sounds sound terrible and are extremely loud. I couldn't turn them down. This is probably a defect, apparently that's possible. Even the quietest radio setting was too loud for me, so I immediately woke up. In addition, the darkest display setting is so bright that you can cast a shadow on the wall with your hand. I always woke up when I turned my face towards the alarm clock because I thought it was morning already. But when it was actually morning and the sunrise simulation began, it was immediately too bright for me. I liked the colors and the color change, but unfortunately you can't dim the colored light. I also liked that it has a battery, so that the time and the alarm don't have to be set again in case of a power outage. But I returned it for the reasons mentioned.
Light super, processing insufficient
I have replaced four light bulbs in the house with these lamps. Unfortunately, I could only replace four, because the other two were delivered without a holder - instead, a circuit board is laughing at me at this point... There was also nothing in the box. "6 pay - 4 receive" is not a good deal. Amazon would certainly have sorted this out quickly and generously, but I only noticed this after the return period had expired. So I see this as my own mistake and I live with it. Nevertheless, it is not a good indication of the quality of these light bulbs - so far the only reason for two stars deduction. The light itself is super. The rooms are now very bright and evenly lit. The light color is more towards cold white. Perfect for hallways, home offices, workshops, laundry rooms, etc. For living areas, I would personally go for warmer light. It is definitely comparable to a good old 100 watt bulb. Other lamps can do this as well and I might get intact copies according to the order. If my review is helpful, I would appreciate a positive rating. I try to answer questions quickly.
Great
I received the gestures and I would like to share my first look. Yes, positive. I have been thinking for a long time whether to order this set or not. ** The material is stable and it feels good in the hand. **The utensils all have a hole on the handle to be able to hang them up ** The soft silicone does not scratch expensive cookware and pots and is particularly practical to use on pans with a coating. ** They are heat-resistant and can be used up to 440 ℉. ** They also do not transfer heat and can be touched directly. ** The dishwasher does leave water stains on the black silicone sometimes. But just wipe it off shortly and they are gone. Finally, I must say that I am very surprised and I can only recommend it.
B-Ware sold as new
Amazon Prime delivery is just great. Delivery within 24 hours. Then the shock, the tap was unpacked and all parts were checked. We found out that the part had already been installed before. We had to find out that all the mounting parts had considerable scratches and scrapes. The screws/connections of the hoses were all damaged. Nevertheless, we installed the part in the sink (unfortunately). Only now did we see that there were scratches/streaks on the chromed tap itself. This part was probably delivered and sent back before. We will keep this tap and install it in the sink in the basement because it doesn't matter how it looks there. Our conclusion: we will never order such goods via Amazon again but rather spend a bit more in the hardware store where we get decent goods. I just find it sad that customers are treated like this!
The product itself is great, but the external sensor broke after only 6 months
In principle, I am very satisfied with this product. The installation was very easy and the radio range is very good, and there are no problems with the transmission from the inside to the outside. I also like the design of the device. It is very simple and can be mounted on the wall or set up like a small picture frame. The only annoying thing is that after about six months of use, the device that measures the values outside seems to be broken. The thermometer still seems to be intact and still displays plausible values. The hygrometer, however, is broken, as it always displays completely astronomical values for the humidity of the outside air. This is very unfortunate, as the device was mounted outside in a protected place, and this is also the reason why I only give this product two stars.
Strong mower with weak catcher
Apart from the fact that the first delivery attempt is still happily driving around the country with Hermes to this day, without finding its way to me or back to Amazon, the service from Amazon was, as always, excellent with the triggering of a replacement delivery. The lawnmower arrived quickly and made a valuable impression. The motor is strong and it produces a beautiful cut. The noise level is not exactly impressively low, but it's okay. The big drawback is unfortunately the catcher. Firstly, it is only made of hard plastic at the top and bottom and fabric in between. If you put it down for just a short while when it's full, it will of course be compressed and parts of the contents will fall out. But what's worse is that the actually practical fill level indicator shows red when the catcher is only half full. That wouldn't be so bad if the lawnmower didn't lose large parts of the cut grass from then on. Emptying the basket as often as possible when it's only half full is not a solution. Therefore, I cleaned the device as well as possible and sent it back. Conclusion: In principle, a very good lawnmower, but for me it becomes unusable due to the unfortunate design of the catcher.
Good monitoring device
I have two of these devices. The device can be easily integrated via the app. The included insertable sensor cable is very good and can be extended if necessary. The device is solidly constructed. Room temperature and humidity are displayed, but are only displayed once to three times a day (adjustable) in the app to save battery power. I only give 4 stars for the following reasons: - The soft back of the device, which also closes the battery compartment, can only be closed again with a lot of fiddling. - One of the two devices is in a room with very thick walls. This device loses the connection to the network every 1 to 2 weeks. Unfortunately, the device does not connect again by itself, even if you put it near the router. You have to remove the batteries and after a short break put them back in, then it connects again. This should actually work without removing the batteries. There is always an alarm when the connection is lost. - The alarm tone could be a bit louder.
3D Printer Prusa i3 DIY
I ordered this 3D printer because I wanted to use it for my own projects. Unfortunately, I have still not managed to level the hotbed properly. The right rear locking screw is completely tightened, but the hotbed is still too high there and the screw on the front right is practically falling out because it is not tightened at all, even though the hotbed is still too low. The rods that hold the carriage are straight, as is the table. Maybe someone knows what can be done about this, because it is impossible to print anything like this. As for the assembly: the assembly was quite problem-free, but it would be good to show how to lay the cables because otherwise you have to re-lay them several times, which is very tiring. I have also already written to support, but after a week's wait I still have not received a response. It is unfortunately no longer possible to send it back. I expected a bit more.
I am positively surprised by how robust and precise it is
My old measuring tape gave up the ghost after many years, so a new one had to be bought. This one looks very robust and is just as precise after several test measurements. Two batteries are included, so you can start measuring right away. The packaging of the tape is simple, but it does its job perfectly. Otherwise, the tape leaves nothing to be desired and has all the necessary measuring methods. I can only give it full marks and I think it will last at least as long as the old measuring tape. This is a clear recommendation to buy and a good measuring instrument simply belongs in every household.
Nauseating, lasting smell
I bought the bracelet and didn't wear it in the meantime because it emits a disgusting smell. To this day, the smell is still there, even though it was "aired" all the time. Since it's no longer possible to return it, I threw it away. I would advise against buying it.
For the price ok
The stars and balls on this necklace are a bit too big for my taste, so it looks quite massive. The larger balls are freely movable, which I like. However, the necklace is very simply made, so I have already torn the clasp twice. So far, I have been able to repair it, but I don’t think it will last for long. But for the low price, you can’t really expect anything high-quality.
Very nice piece of jewelry
A beautifully crafted bracelet - and the simple clasp actually holds! You just have to pull the end through the hole, it can't open, amazing! I rubbed it with some leather care, which made it even softer and more pliable. Only: if you have anything magnetic on your arm: the clasp is made of steel!
Unfortunately, it's junk! I was already disappointed after unpacking, because the small displays of the transmitters were all scratched, so I had the feeling that it was used goods. The base station was okay. Now to the function: It only connects after some fiddling around.... If you follow the instructions, it doesn't work at all, only after I removed a battery from the base station again and put it back in, did the transmitters finally connect. Unfortunately, my joy didn't last long, because after an hour the connection was gone again, and even though the transmitters were lying next to the base station. Also, the display of the three transmitters was very different! All in all, not something I could use! The thing was returned! I would definitely advise against buying it, it only brings trouble!
Transport damage
Hello, I have already had this garden pump, unfortunately the thread of the internal shaft was rusted after 3.5 years. I only bought it again for one reason, I urgently needed it because of the current drought and I knew that the connections of the suction line and the discharge line would fit. I hope that the shaft on the previous pump had a production defect and that the current pump will last a little longer. Unfortunately, the new pump had transport damage, the plastic housing was torn and the ventilation slots were broken. The box was also damaged from the outside, which is why I would recommend packing the pump a little better in the future, rather than just using a thin-walled box. I still kept the pump, as described above, I urgently needed the pump and the cracks in the plastic housing did not affect the pump performance.
It could have been better thought out. Since I often have to deal with many different keys, I thought that such an organizer is more convenient than carrying around a huge bunch of keys all the time. At first, everything went quite well. However, the paint started to wear off quite quickly and the screws always had to be tightened again. It's nice that it works with a penny, but only with a penny. I couldn't find a suitable screwdriver that wouldn't ruin the entire screw right away. To come to the most annoying part of the whole thing: attaching the keys. It's nice that you can adjust the screw to different sizes and lengths through the different parts, but once you've screwed it all together, you need pliers to take it apart again. Attaching the keys is simply a game of patience, balance and skill. In the end, the screw broke off in the thread when I was assembling it for the third time, making the whole thing unusable. Conclusion: If you have to have it, then only for all the necessary keys at once and never again. But for the price, you can also buy a cheaper alternative.
Do not quite match the dimensions specified
The zippers are easy to use and the material feels robust, and all of this is in a featherweight. Since I have no comparison (my first organizer set), I will only be able to judge the product after the first use. In advance, I can already say that the height is lower than stated. At the moment, I can't really imagine packing everything there for a three-week vacation, for example. If necessary, the really large parts can be put directly into the suitcase - as before. It should also be noted that not 8, but 10 parts were delivered, because the round cosmetic bag also contained two smaller bags/sachets. I still wanted to mention that it is not high-quality workmanship. The fact that the cosmetic bag has a different color tone and is made of a different material than the other bags does not bother me personally. I see the price-performance ratio as a trial price and that is okay.
So lala
So, I ordered it before Christmas and it worked until after Christmas. Now, when I wanted to use it again, it didn't work anymore. Battery? Changed it. But it still doesn't work. So I could have just thrown the money in the trash.
Care is always good! The application is simple, but you should be very careful with the brush not to damage the needle. I could not hear an improvement in sound with my very high-quality turntable.
Long battery life
The headphones are wonderfully protected. Two black cables were included. The battery life lasts a very long time. The sound is definitely completely sufficient. I liked that the headphones didn't hurt even after wearing them for a long time and are therefore very comfortable. The ear cups are very soft and pleasant to wear. The weight is also kept very low. I recommend buying them in this price range.
Nice dress
Very nice dress, which is suitable for many different occasions. The price-performance ratio is perfect, especially since I bought it in the flash sale. It fits perfectly in my size, I am glad that I did not order it smaller (as recommended). I only wish that the neckline was not so deep and the sleeves could handle a bit more fabric (if you do not have arms as slim as the model in the picture). But all in all, a nice dress for many occasions.
Stay away. It can't get any worse. I really and seriously didn't expect that such a piece of junk would be sold nowadays. The drive is operated on a High End Asus ROG Strix Scar II Gaming Laptop. It can be assumed that the USB ports supply sufficient power. Nevertheless, trouble-free operation of this drive is not possible. DVDs usually work, but Blu-rays are recognized at best unreliably. The discs have to be inserted several times, then it makes rattling noises like you haven't heard since the 90s from old PCs and the very first CD-ROM drives. After a few minutes, you can either restart the computer because it doesn't work anymore or the disc is finally recognized. But then you are not allowed to press pause or jump to a chapter or change the language or anything during the movie, because that immediately leads to an unrecoverable freeze. In addition, of course, no Blu-ray software is included. If you buy PowerDVD or something similar for an additional fee, the price of this drive doubles.
It does what it is supposed to do, but it is not pretty. First of all, I would like to emphasize that the two USB ports are actually a bit of a deception, because only the port that points upwards is a USB port. The other plug is only there to charge some device or other and is therefore relatively useless. I did not know this when I bought it, which is why I was a little disappointed. I actually needed a second port and if I had only needed a boring extension, I would not have bought this ugly lump with golden plugs. But apart from the looks and my misjudgment, the extension does its job very reliably. And because of the weight of the plug, the USB stick that is plugged in does not just hang around in the area, as it would with a normal extension cord. So it is not really a bad purchase, but my enthusiasm is limited :-).
Small but mighty! I bought this product so that I could have an audio output and a display connection on my iPad (Pro). With IOS 12, you can now push data back and forth. This works very well. The audio output was as expected. Other adapters that I had to send back could not do this. The HDMI output is practical. I now have a PS4 controller via Bluetooth on the tablet and the HDMI on the TV. Simultaneous charging is no problem. The sound is delivered via HDMI. What else do I use my PlayStation for: P? There was a small adapter included that can be attached to the tablet. This is supposed to bring stability and also has a magnetic holder. With my case, this does not fit with the adapter. Well, it still holds securely and has contact, so... All in all, it is a bit expensive, but justified by the full range of functions. It is also very small and sturdily made of aluminum. Price-performance ratio is right.
A lot of power
Great device. It has been running for months without any problems. It is not exactly light or quiet, but it delivers a decent performance. I find the middle temperature setting (Tp setting) to be a bit too cold and therefore I always use level 2. It has also fallen onto the tiled floor several times and survived well. And I also like the simple design. Competitor products often look like spaceships.
Very good
The processing of the brush head has left a very good impression, although the price difference compared to the original is very large, but does not make a cheap impression. In use, the feeling of a high-quality process is confirmed. Overall, I found these brushes very good and can be recommended without reservation.
Great product with weak battery
We have had the tracker for about 6 months and are positively surprised. In live mode, the location is accurate to within 0.5m. In offline mode, when the dog is in the house, it sometimes jumps a few metres, which is not a problem. I would buy it again any time. What would be great, however, is a battery that lasts longer. At the moment, it lasts about 1.5 hours a day. A solution that would last 7-14 days would be great. There is an XL version, but unfortunately it is too big for our taste. We don’t have to change the battery every day and we find it impractical. We should be busy with our dog, not with its collar:-). The app also worked perfectly.
After just a few weeks of garbage
We have already ordered the shoes in several sizes. They fit well and seem to be comfortable. However, the lifespan is decreasing more and more. Although my son only wears the shoes for gym class, the sole is already broken after only a few weeks and the shoes can no longer be used. The last pair was also not very durable in normal use, but I thought it would be enough for gym class. Unfortunately, that was not the case. The shoes are expensive rubbish and absolutely not recommended.
Fits perfectly - but is it the original? My last pair of Crocs unfortunately broke after 5 years, so I was happy to order a new pair. These ones are unfortunately poorly made at first glance. They are just as comfortable as the ones I had before. At first glance, there doesn't seem to be any difference, but on closer inspection, you can see that the edges are poorly made and the strap at the heel is quite loose and will probably not last five years like my previous ones. I'm curious!
Surprisingly good
As there are hardly any reviews to read here, I was very skeptical at first. However, since I am going to a festival this year and would like to sleep in my car, I ordered them on a whim. The delivery included the mattress and an air pump for the car. The mattress: I tried it out in my car (Citroen Berlingo). I noticed that there was some mold on one side. I wiped it off and hope that it doesn't come back. In the inflated state, I immediately tested it out. It is very comfortable to lie on and is perfect for the festival. Of course, this mattress cannot replace your own bed, but for a few days at the event, it is pure luxury. The mattress fits perfectly in my car. We removed the seats in the back beforehand, so it fits perfectly. The air pump: The air pump has various adapters. The mattress requires two different adapters, which can also be found on the pump. The pump is plugged into the cigarette lighter in the car. However, the plug was defective (something was wrong with the soldering). Since my boyfriend is handy, he was able to repair it and put it back together. The pump worked perfectly and pumped up the mattress in no time. Overall, I am very impressed with the mattress. I am curious to see how it holds up at the festival. I hope that it doesn't lose air and that the mold doesn't come back. After the test, I can already recommend it. If I have any other experiences, I will revise the review accordingly (if possible).
Definitely not worth more than 10€... Unfortunately, the calendar only gets two stars from me. :( 1. For the fast shipping. 2. For the idea of the toy. Unfortunately, the calendar was torn apart by the poor workmanship on day 1 over several doors. On the 21st door, there were no doors left and I had to more or less allow my son to take out the remaining parts as they were already coming towards him. The parts often come out in a mess, which often means that you have to take the car apart again to put the parts in. Once the car is completely built, parts fall off during play. (Mostly the windshield. This is also very difficult to put back on.) In general, I would not buy this calendar again and would not recommend it to anyone. Maybe the manufacturers will rethink the way they designed the calendar for the next edition and do it better. :\
a real drone
I am thrilled with the drone. My 7 year old daughter flies it. It flies very well indoors and the 5 minute flight time is usually enough. I didn't expect anything else at this price, but I did expect that hair would get caught in it and that it would break very quickly, but crashes from the ceiling to the floor, whether it's tiles or carpet, are no problem. Contact is friendly if you have any questions.
The game is okay, but it can only be played with the forced installation of Steam. I didn't see when I bought it that it wasn't a game CD, but just a code with which you can download the game. That would be okay, but you are forced to install Steam to be able to play it at all, which is outrageous. Since then, the computer has been constantly freezing, which wouldn't happen with a simple installation of the game.
Unfortunately it fails due to the battery runtime
I was really looking forward to the watch. The design and look are great, messages etc. were displayed without any problems. The operation worked well.... and yet I am sending it back. The big downside: the battery and its runtime. Charged in the evening, only on the wardrobe overnight and in the morning 11% less battery when not used. If there were many messages during the day, the battery was already empty by noon/early afternoon and then you can't even read the time. Therefore not usable for me. Very sad.
Noble case with limitations
For the slippery Samsung Galaxy S10+, you should definitely get a case. I recently liked cases that you can also put your credit card in. This case offers that. If you put cards in all three compartments, it gets too much, then the lid stands up a bit. One is enough for me. The leather case looks robust and seems to be well made. It looks elegant. The phone is embedded all around, only the connections have cutouts. Otherwise, you can operate the on/off switch and volume control on the sides through the case. The disadvantage is that it is not possible to charge the phone on some QI chargers due to the thickness of the case. Even on the QI charging station made of leather from TORRO, it doesn’t work. You can only charge accessories - like the Galaxy Buds - when the case is off. Otherwise, it is really stylish and well made!
high-quality case with bulletproof film
The robust case with real bulletproof glass as protection for the screen in a classic design offers all-round protection for the entire iPhone 11. It fits very well and can also be put on easily. The material is pleasant to hold and does not get dirty. This is a really great and beautiful product with a very good price-performance ratio. This case gives the phone some stability. It is not too bulky and fits firmly on the phone. Overall, a good purchase.
