Diego Cocca is the new national coach of Mexico
In the summer of 2026, Mexico will host the World Cup together with the USA and Canada, which will feature a record 48 teams. Cocca is taking over from Gerardo Martino, whose contract was not extended after the early World Cup exit in Qatar. The 50-year-old was not considered a favorite for the position until a few days ago. He only took over as coach of the Mexican club Tigres in November. His surprising appointment as national coach caused unrest in the club.
Geesthacht: New bed signs are intended to encourage replanting
Franko Stein (FD Environment, left) and Friedhelm Ringe (Nabu) are placing the plant signs in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone.
The "Geesthacht is blooming" campaign also includes information about what is currently in bloom there - currently in white and pink.
Geesthacht. "Geesthacht is blooming" is an action of the Nabu in cooperation with the city administration. Since 2015, thousands of flower bulbs and plants have been planted with the help of many volunteers from clubs, schools, kindergartens, companies, and institutions. The goal: large-scale flower islands should arise in the Geesthacht area, where insects can find food at any time. "With favorable weather conditions, the bees are already flying out in January to look for food," says Friedhelm Ringe from the Geesthachter Nabu. He has beehives on his property himself.
So that the effort does not remain just an action of nature conservationists and the city's environmental department, but rather spreads to private gardens, explanatory signs are being placed for the plants. So far, there are about 50 signs. Passersby should be able to use these signs to find out what is currently in bloom. The hope is that amateur gardeners will specifically replicate the plants at home.
The wild hazel season started in the first week of January
More recent additions to the pedestrian zone are shrubs such as Winter Sweet and Snowball. They have been in the soil of the planters on Bergedorer Straße for a year now, and are just starting to show the first delicate white and pink flowers, even though they are still without leaves. They have recently been marked with additional signs. "Winter Sweet is a very bushy shrub that can grow up to two meters high and three meters wide," it says there, among other information about the appropriate location.
Friedhelm Ringe emphasizes that not only the bedding plants are now showing flowers. In the first week of January, the wild hazel had already started its season. It is particularly abundant in bloom on the Richtweg, on the slope, in Gutenbergstraße, Wilhelm-Holert-Straße, Fahrendofer Weg, and in many other places.
Ernestine is 102: "Hiking keeps me young"
Munich - Dance god Fred Astaire would surely be proud of them if he were to look down from heaven to Munich's Ostbahnhof!
That's because three ladies meet there every Monday at 3 p.m. in the "Mandolin Motion Show Academy" for a lively step dance. Together, they are an incredible 277 years old, sorry, young!
The eldest of them is Ernestine Stauchner, who recently celebrated her 102nd birthday.
For the native Munich resident (born on 15 January 1921) from Schwanthalerhöhe, Monday is the highlight of the week. "Dancing and stepping are my life, I can't imagine it without them."
Ernestine is also joined by Eva-Maria Stolze (almost 97) and Elfriede Widmann (79) who are also swinging their dancing legs.
The 97-year-old was born in Jena (Thüringen) in 1926. She was a soubrette, which today would be called a musical performer, and worked with the legendary Marika Rökk. "I have spent my life dancing, acting, and singing."
At 79 years old, Elfriede Widmann is something of a baby in the circle of stepp dancers. She says: "We're just having fun here with our dance teacher Sissy Engl."
Wikipedia: The tap dance was developed in the 19th century in the USA and is now known all over the world. With two metal plates, which are more durable than the initially used wooden soles, attached to the front and back of the shoes, rhythmic sounds are produced during the dance, which match the visual impression and the music. The dancer thus becomes a percussion musician. The English expression for this is tap dance and the French claquettes. The Spanish flamenco could have influenced the tap dance. The tips of the shoes are nailed so that they produce a well-audible sound during the dance.
The 77-year-old Sissi Engl is the heart and soul of the dance studio at Ostbahnhof. She is an actress, dancer and choreographer. "We are a big family, where everyone is welcome, young and old alike."
And what is the recipe for such a long life? "Movement keeps me young," the 102-year-old tells BILD. Her advice to everyone: "Sport, healthy eating, and no alcohol."
Analog in Dialogue - The Limits of the Digital
As digitalization progresses, the desire for analog is growing again among many people.
The rapid pace at which our everyday lives have become digital has left us little time to establish rules for dealing with it and adapt our communication and working methods to it, says DNN columnist Claudia Muntschick.
Dresden. If you wanted to have a telephone conversation in Bautzen in 1985, there were three options. Either you were one of the six percent of the lucky ones who had a private line. Or you belonged to those who had someone from this exclusive group in the neighborhood and could call their relatives there for a bottle of Radeberger. Or you looked for a telephone booth. The smell of the plastic receiver and the sound of the small change dropping into the machine are unforgettable. My biggest dream was to be able to see the other person's face when I was making the call - video telephony, I thought, what a great thing that would be!
What next in Moldova? 14 days for a new government
In Moldova (also: Moldavia), President Maia Sandu has tasked former Minister of the Interior Dorin Recean with forming a government.
The 48-year-old economic expert now has 14 days to do so. Recean was previously one of the president's advisors.
After only one and a half years in office, Prime Minister Natalia Gavrilita resigned unexpectedly. The pro-European head of government was under massive pressure, as she herself announced as an explanation for her resignation - apparently she was being attacked by pro-Russian forces.
The President thanked Gavrilita for her "enormous sacrifice".
Moldova is a neighboring country of Ukraine and is suffering from the economic consequences of the war. Inflation is over 40 percent and the small republic has taken in tens of thousands of refugees from Ukraine.
In the parliament in Chisinau, the pro-European PAS party (Party of Action and Solidarity) founded by President Sandu has a comfortable majority, occupying 63 of the 101 seats. The confirmation of the new head of government and his cabinet should therefore not pose a problem.
However, pro-European politicians in Moldova have lost popularity in recent months, while pro-Russian politicians - with support from the Kremlin - have become more popular.
These were the costumes of the celebrities
In 2023, Veitshöchheim will celebrate in style once again. The fifth season is in full swing and the celebrities were not slow to respond.
The father of the land, Markus Söder, did not come as Moses, as suggested by his costume. He sees himself more as the tribal elder of Bavaria. By his side is his wife Karin Baumüller-Söder.
Bavaria's Minister for Environment and Consumer Protection, Thorsten Glauber, chose the children's hero Chase from Paw Patrol for his costume.
From the depths of the sea to Franconia came Justice Minister Georg Eisenreich with his wife Anja.
Completely detached: Minister for Science and Art, Markus Blume, is drawn to space.
The President of the State Parliament, Ilse Aigner, chose none other than "Mama Bavaria" as a role model for her costume.
In peace and love mode: Bavaria's Minister of Health Klaus Holetschek with his wife Birgit.
Bob the Builder, a.k.a. Building Minister Christian Bernreiter, with his wife Ann-Kathrin Jandt-Bernreiter as Wendy.
Bavaria's golden boy: Finance Minister Albert Füracker with his wife Evelyne. She wore silver.
He even plays the sheriff in the carnival: Bavaria's Minister of the Interior, Joachim Herrmann, with his wife Gerswid by his side.
At the ball: Economic Minister Hubert Aiwanger pays homage to the crafts with his costume. His partner Tanja Schweiger, district administrator of Regensburg district, does the same.
The political opposition was of course also not to be missed.
Everything for Bavaria: Green Party parliamentary group leader Katharina Schulze as Bavaria and her co-leader Ludwig Hartmann as the Bavarian lion.
The SPD faction leader enjoys hiking: Florian von Brunn with SPD state chairperson Ronja Endres.
Royal did it with FDP party leader Martin Hagen. He and his wife Anisha came as Harry and Meghan.
Otherwise, he would certainly say more. In Veitshöchheim, the group chairman in the EU Parliament, Manfred Weber, was on his way as a pantomime. Andrea was with him.
If it doesn't work out with politics, he can always do magic. Nuremberg's mayor Marcus König as Harry Potter and his wife Anke as Hermione.
Quick as a bee: Bavaria's Digital Minister Judith Gerlach.
Back to the 1920s: BR's legal director Eva Majuntke, BR Director General Katja Wildermuth and BR Culture Programme Director Björn Wilhelm.
A small dig at the climate activists from the Franconian Tatort detective Sebastian Fleischer, played by Alexander Leopold Schadt.
The First Mayor of Veitshöchheim was of course also present. Jürgen Götz and his wife Julia.
Oberhof: Kühn eighth in the World Championship Sprint
Despite difficult conditions, Bö continued his impressive streak and also won the sixth sprint race of the season. The five-time Olympic champion has now collected 14 World Championship titles and is closing in on his countryman Ole Einar Björndalen. The biathlon icon, who is a TV expert on site, is still the undisputed record champion with 20 World Championship gold medals. Even heavy fog did not prevent the long-time champion Bö from collecting his second gold at the Rennsteig. On Wednesday, he had already successfully defended the title with Norway's mixed relay team.
Hardly anyone doubts that in the third race of the hunting series, Bö will be the clear favourite. His running form is outstanding, so he can compensate for shooting errors to a certain extent, which is quite simply terrifying.
Meanwhile, Doll's performance was not up to par. After the veteran had already given up all chances of a medal in the mixed relay with a penalty lap, resulting in only a sixth place finish, things did not go any better three days later. Three penalty laps in prone shooting and two more in standing were a huge disappointment for the oldest member of the German team, who had celebrated the greatest success of his career in this discipline in 2017.
Six years ago, in Hochfilzen, he won surprisingly by a mere 0.7 seconds ahead of Bö. It was one of only three career victories for Dolls, who so far this winter has only once stood on the podium. The eighth-place finisher from the Beijing Olympics left without saying a word after his weak performance and initially did not give any interviews. Roman Rees managed to place 19th, and the second World Cup debutant, David Zobel, took 35th place.
Biden receives Lula: "We must stand up for democracy"
At a meeting between US President Joe Biden and his Brazilian counterpart, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, the focus is primarily on the value of democracy. Both look back on their predecessors.
During a visit to his Brazilian counterpart Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, US President Joe Biden emphasized the importance of maintaining democratic values.
"The strong democracy of our two nations has been put to the test," said Biden on Friday in the White House in Washington. "We must continue to stand up for democracy, for the democratic values that are at the core of our strength." Lula responded, with a nod to his right-wing predecessor Jair Bolsonaro: "Brazil has isolated itself for four years."
The left-wing politician Lula had prevailed over Bolsonaro in a run-off election at the end of October. Lula took office on January 1. The change of power was accompanied by violent riots. Bolsonaro's supporters had stormed the Congress, the Supreme Court, and the government headquarters in the capital city of Brasilia in January. The outbreak of violence in Brazil reminds us in a dark way of the storming of the US Capitol by supporters of former President Donald Trump about two years ago, when they violently broke into the parliament in Washington.
Lula criticized Bolsonaro openly during the meeting with Biden. His predecessor did not give much importance to international relations. "His world began and ended with fake news, morning, noon, and night," said Lula. "That sounds familiar to me," replied Biden - an obvious reference to his predecessor Trump.
Short note about the press - Friday
Does anyone still remember the RAF wanted posters? They showed the members of the Red Army Faction who were authorized for denunciation and execution.
In a country with a culture of denunciation, which existed even before Corona, public opinion was stirred up against the most dangerous enemies of the FRG; let's say the civil democracy, let's say the late capitalist society. (Here, nothing about the really dangerous ones in a suit and tie.)
Now the Stuttgarter Zeitung, which is usually more interested in the perverts on the S-Bahn or the masturbators in the park, is publishing a new edition with "war criminals" Putin's friends. Because they are so nice, there is a photo gallery. Of course, the StZ is poorly informed, because there are probably more "Russia-lovers" in the world that Asia, Africa and Latin America combined, than the StZ has room for photos.
But that's not the point. The point is that Frau Wagenknecht is in 1st to 5th place (!), followed by Frau Schwarzer.
Well, I don't know anyone in my environment who reads this paper anymore, if there is anyone, it's high time they did. We have reached the well-known level where nothing is left underneath.
And now, at least, good dialectically, Mrs Wagenknecht should be the most popular politician of all the people who have not yet completely lost their minds, i.e. peace-loving, pacifist and anti-militarist people. (And here no differentiation is needed anymore.)
Harald Glööckler files for divorce from his husband Dieter Schroth
Designer Harald Glööckler (57) and his partner Dieter Schroth (74) have separated. Glööckler's lawyer Christian-Oliver Moser confirmed this to the "Bild" newspaper and RTL, using the same words: "I can confirm that my client has filed an application to dissolve his registered partnership through his family lawyer at the relevant court. I will not comment on any details."
Glööckler and his life partner Schroth had been together for 35 years, and rumors of a separation had been circulating for about a year. According to various media reports, after his participation in the jungle camp, the fashion designer had already moved from their shared house in the Palatinate to Berlin. He also spoke about marital problems on the RTL show.
SS massacre in Oradour-sur-Glane: Last survivor dead
A memorial center was established in the destroyed village northwest of Limoges, the ruins of which have been preserved. In 1999, France's President Emmanuel Macron awarded Hébras the National Order of Merit. Hébras fought for freedom and defended the values of France, Macron said. He also contributed to the Franco-German peace. The survivor had campaigned, among other things, for Franco-German youth encounters.
A curve for 14 houses: In Homeien, everyone knows everyone
LZ series Nordlippische Weiler: In Homeien, it is not uncommon for three or four generations to live under one roof. Here, residents find pure idyllic living. In the summer, up to 300 motorcycles per day race along the winding road between Niedermeien and Hillentrup - and some even go back the same way.
Christian Sewing, the head of Deutsche Bank, considers further interest rate increases in the fight against high inflation rates to be "absolutely" necessary. "The inflationary risks are still high. The cost of energy can easily rise again, and the opening of China can also give prices a temporary boost," Sewing told the "Welt am Sonntag."
The European Central Bank (ECB) raised interest rates in the Eurozone for the fifth time in a row at the beginning of February and has announced another increase of 0.5 percentage points for the meeting on 16 March. The key interest rate in the Eurozone is now 3.0%. The deposit rate that commercial banks receive when they park money with the ECB is 2.5%.
Higher interest rates make loans more expensive, which can slow demand and thus counteract high inflation rates. Higher interest rates can also lead to postponed investments, which in turn can result in weaker economic growth.
Rising interest rates are also a burden for highly indebted eurozone countries such as Italy. "The consequences of sustained high inflation are far more serious than the higher financing costs for some countries," said Sewing. "Of course, we must keep this in mind, but a high level of debt should not prevent the ECB from acting consistently."
The ECB aims for medium-term price stability in the eurozone with an inflation rate of two percent. This target has been far from reached for months. Although the price increase weakened again in January, consumer prices in the monetary union of the now 20 countries were still 8.5 percent higher than the level of the previous year.
Higher inflation rates reduce the purchasing power of consumers, as they can afford less for a euro. Strongly increased energy prices, which are a major driver of inflation, are also a burden for companies.
If inflation remains high, private consumption will "decline sooner or later," warned Sewing, who is also president of the Federal Association of German Banks (BdB). "I currently see this as the greatest danger for the German economy. But I am optimistic that we can avoid this scenario."
Bosch CEO Stefan Hartung hopes for a broad debate on the "Germany speed" called for by Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) for infrastructure projects. "There will have to be a political and societal dialogue about it. And it may also be a bit more controversial," he told the Deutsche Presse-Agentur in Stuttgart. He hopes that in the end, a set of rules will emerge that will not necessarily have to be as fast as the LNG terminals that went into operation around the turn of the year - but not as slow as before either.
In mid-December, after ten months of planning and construction, the first German terminal for the import of liquefied natural gas (LNG) was opened. The aim was to close the gap in the gas supply to some extent due to the lack of Russian gas deliveries. Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) had spoken of a new "German pace" on this occasion. In addition, the federal government had recently initiated an acceleration of the approval process for wind turbines and power lines.
"First of all, it is very reassuring that the government acts so quickly when it comes down to it. However, this should not automatically mean that we will always act in such a categorical manner from now on and, for example, put a wind turbine in the neighbor's garden against their will," said Hartung. Therefore, there must still be a negotiation process to determine what is right and wrong as a society.
In the past, attempts were made to use the classic rulebook and they failed. "We should think again about whether the previous approach was the right one. Perhaps we overdid it with the rulebook and made things too complicated."
In view of the many open tasks, for example, in the expansion of power lines, Hartung said he does not envy the federal government and the companies involved, "As a consumer of this energy, I need the expansion to happen, and it should be as green as possible."
Trade union warns of the break-up of the Bayer corporation
The chemical workers' union IG BCE warns of a break-up of the company following an announced change in leadership at Bayer. "From the perspective of the employees, Bayer is perfectly positioned with its three pillars to meet the challenges of the future," said Francesco Grioli, a board member of the union and a member of the Bayer supervisory board, to the "Rheinische Post" (Saturday edition).
This refers to the pharmaceutical business with prescription drugs, the Consumer Health business with over-the-counter medications, and the agricultural business. "The transformation of the industry can only be achieved with a corporate policy based on risk diversification and sustainability - and not on hedge fund activism."
The background is the change in management at the pharmaceutical and agrochemical company announced on Thursday. The controversial CEO Werner Baumann will be stepping down from his position this summer. The post will be taken over by Bill Anderson, the former CEO of the Swiss rival Roche, at the beginning of June.
Baumann has been under criticism for a long time. The 2018 acquisition of the US seed producer Monsanto for $63 billion is hanging over the manager's head. The purchase had brought the Leverkusen company expensive legal disputes about the alleged cancer risks of the herbicide glyphosate. Bayer's share price has been in freefall for years. In 2019, the shareholders even refused to grant the CEO discharge at the annual general meeting.
It has been known for some time that Baumann does not want to extend his contract, which was actually set to run until 2024. Long-term oriented strategic investors had put pressure on him. Recently, several activist Anglo-Saxon investors such as Bluebell Capital have also been involved. According to a media report, Bluebell is pushing for a split of the company.
The very small fund with an unknown level of participation in Bayer is known for its aggressive approach. A spin-off of the "Consumer Health" division would be a possible way to increase the company's value, said Markus Manns, fund manager at Union Investment, to the "Rheinische Post." He does not, however, believe that a spin-off of the much larger agricultural division, Crop Science, is feasible.
Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against pension reform
Paris
The French also want to take to the streets again on Saturday against the planned pension reform.
The unions are opposing a government plan with a massive protest on the streets. Hundreds of thousands of people want to demonstrate again against the pension reform on Saturday.
In France, hundreds of thousands of people are expected to demonstrate nationwide again on Saturday against President Emmanuel Macron's planned pension reform. For the fourth time, the unions are mobilizing against the government's plans to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64. Already twice, more than a million people took to the streets and there were nationwide strikes. Last Tuesday, 750,000 participants were counted at protests. A turbulent debate about the controversial reform has been taking place in parliament for a week.
Already, many people in France work longer than until the age of 62 if they have not paid in long enough for a pension free of deductions when they reach retirement age. In many demanding professions, people could hardly work any longer, according to opponents of the reform. In addition, employees want to be able to enjoy their well-deserved pension and not completely wear out their health at work.
Macron: Threatening deficit in pension fund
Macron justifies the reform with a looming deficit in the pension fund. As the population is getting older, employees will have to pay more to cover the increasing number of pensioners. In order to keep the level of pensions stable, the population will have to work a little longer. Critics doubt the government's calculations and demand that the state find other sources of income to keep the pension system in balance.
But the government wants to make changes not only to the retirement age. The increase in the necessary contribution period for a full pension, which was decided years ago, is to be accelerated. In addition, individual pension systems with privileges for certain professions are to be abolished. The minimum pension is to increase to around 1,200 euros.
The pension reform is considered one of President Macron's most important projects. During the Corona pandemic, an initial attempt to implement the reform was abandoned, and there were massive protests and strikes even then. Several presidents before Macron have tried to reform the French pension system with varying degrees of success - and there was always a lot of protest and strikes.
Since Macron's camp no longer has an absolute majority in parliament, it hopes to push through the reform with the help of the conservative Républicains, who have announced their support. However, some of the members of parliament - even from Macron's own party - still have reservations. And at the moment, Macron's biggest concern is not the fear of a close vote, but rather the fear of crippling strikes. Before the renewed demonstrations on Saturday, the president said that he could count on the organizers to act responsibly, so that they would proceed peacefully and not lead to a blockade of the country.
Quiet weather expected - lots of sunshine in high altitudes
A powerful high-pressure area is located over Central Europe and is determining the weather in Germany. Does this mean that sunny weather can be expected everywhere?
Offenbach
In Germany, calm high-pressure weather is expected at least until the middle of the week. "When looking at the weather maps, a powerful high-pressure area directly over Central Europe immediately catches the eye," explains meteorologist Markus Übel from the German Weather Service on Saturday in Offenbach. "Although this high will shift slightly to the east over the course of the next week, it will still determine the weather in Germany."
However, calm high-pressure weather in winter does not necessarily mean sunny weather, says Übel. "Such a high can even be quite mean and give people in the lowlands a dreary, high-level foggy grey for days on end, while there is pure sunshine in the highlands of the midlands."
Sunday will start in most regions with a hazy, misty atmosphere. According to the DWD, it may also rain in the Erzgebirge and Thüringer Wald regions, as well as in Lower Bavaria. The cloud cover will lift in the afternoon, especially along the Alpine range, but also in the southwest and parts of the west. The sun will become more frequent in these areas. In the rest of the country, the sky will remain heavily overcast or shrouded in a thick fog. Temperatures will range from 4 to 9 degrees Celsius, with 10 degrees Celsius in the Rhine area.
"On Monday, the sun, which is gradually becoming stronger, will start to break through the high fog again and gradually dissolve it," says the meteorologist. Sunshine is expected throughout the day on the edge of the Alps, in the highlands of the midlands and in parts of North Rhine-Westphalia. Elsewhere, the sun will have to fight its way through the high fog. The maximum temperatures are between 5 and 9 degrees, with 11 degrees expected in the Lower Rhine region and only 3 degrees in the southeast, where it will remain permanently grey. There will be a weak wind from different directions.
On Tuesday, in some low-lying areas, there may be only a slow clearing of fog or thick fog. Otherwise, the weather will be sunny after the fog clears. In high-altitude areas, in large parts of NRW and on the edge of the Alps, the sun is expected to shine all day, according to the forecast. Temperatures will rise to between 5 and 11 degrees Celsius, depending on the amount of sunshine.
Dominatorin is disappointed: Goggia will not win another World Championship medal
The defeated top favourite Sofia Goggia has shown herself to be severely disappointed after her elimination in the downhill race of the Alpine Ski World Championships.
Méribel
"I am sad because I did not perform to the level I am capable of," said the Italian to ZDF after she had set up a goal and was eliminated. The 30-year-old was able to prevent a potentially serious fall.
Goggia has been the dominant downhill skier in the World Cup for years. She has won four of the six previous season races in this discipline. After winning gold in Pyeongchang in 2018, she won silver at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing. Goggia, who is known for her risky driving style, still has to wait for a World Championship medal in her specialty discipline. She missed the competition in Cortina d'Ampezzo two years ago due to injury.
"I actually thought I was doing well. It was all about hundredths of a second," said Goggia after the surprising victory of Swiss skier Jasmine Flury in Méribel, France. "I am disappointed. I gave it my all. But that's life." Sometimes, she said, you believe things are guaranteed: "But they're not." She was referring to the medal that was expected by all experts and ultimately missed.
Girl missing in Berlin: Who has seen Viktoriya?
Viktoriya Stankovych has been missing since February 10.
Viktoriya Stankovych was last seen at the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station on Friday. The police are asking for information about her whereabouts.
Berlin. With the publication of a photo, the Berlin police are asking for the public's help in the search for a missing child. The 12-year-old Viktoriya Stankovych is said to have left the grounds of her school together with other children on 10 February 2023 at around 12:30, heading in the direction of the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station. She was last seen at the S-Bahn station. The child has been a refugee in Berlin since April 2022 and has very limited knowledge of the German language and the local area.
Physical description: slender build
brown eyes
black, long hair with a ponytail
dressed in a long black jacket; dark pants; pink ankle boots and a multicolored scarf
is carrying a backpack
The criminal police of the Police Directorate 1 (North) can be contacted on the telephone number (030) 4664 - 171 100 or at any other police station.
Selenskyj and ministers against Russia's participation in the Olympics
Kiev. With the demand for the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris, sports politicians from 35 nations have increased the pressure on the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
It was agreed during a joint teleconference to draw up a statement in order to prevent attempts to send athletes from Russia and Belarus back from international sporting competitions, the Lithuanian Ministry of Sports announced on its website.
"We demand the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from all international competitions, including the Olympic Games, as long as the war in Ukraine continues," said Minister Jurgita Šiugždinienė.
The video consultation had taken place at the initiative of Great Britain. It had been a very productive meeting, wrote the British Minister of Sport, Lucy Frazer, on Twitter. "And I made the position of Great Britain very clear: as long as Putin continues his barbaric war, Russia and Belarus should not be represented at the Olympic Games. We will now issue a joint statement on this topic."
Previously, the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy had protested against the participation of athletes from Russia and Belarus in international competitions during an international video conference of sports ministers and other high-ranking representatives. "While Russia is killing and terrorizing, representatives of this terrorist state have no place in sports and Olympic competitions," said Zelenskyy. He published his speech on his Telegram channel. In the end, a neutral flag is also stained with blood and is not acceptable because of the Russian war of aggression.
Ukraine threatens with boycott
Ukraine also sees Belarus as a party to the war, because the country provides Russian troops with military bases for attacks. Selenskyy called on officials to work for the protection of Olympic principles and to prevent the admission of Russian athletes to the competitions. The President also renewed his criticism of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), which he said has unfortunately lost its "honesty".
The reason for the conference was the announcement by the IOC that it wanted to allow athletes from Russia and Belarus to participate in international competitions under certain conditions. Ukraine has also threatened to boycott if the IOC allows the athletes to participate.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior also takes a position
The Federal Ministry of the Interior, which is responsible for sports, subsequently stated that it had also reiterated its position during the consultations, namely that it would refuse to allow Russian and Belarusian athletes to start in Paris. "In our view, there is no reason to invite Russian and Belarusian athletes back into competition. Ukrainian athletes must continue to receive the full solidarity and support of the international sports community. The IOC's efforts to reinstate Russian and Belarusian athletes are the wrong approach," a spokesperson for the Ministry of the Interior told dpa in response to a request for information.
Interior Minister Nancy Faeser (SPD) had already emphasized at the end of January: "Sport should be clear in its condemnation of the brutal war that Putin is waging against the Ukrainian civilian population. Major sporting events do not take place in a vacuum." Russia, on the other hand, emphasizes that sport and politics must be kept separate.
Currently, Russia and Belarus are excluded from many international sporting competitions. However, the IOC is aiming for a return of athletes from both countries to the international sporting stage under a neutral flag, provided they clearly declare their allegiance to the Olympic Charter and do not actively support the war in Ukraine. IOC President Thomas Bach recently stated that exclusion "because of a passport or place of birth" violates the ban on discrimination.
Pointing out where it happens
"Hey, nice ass!" whistling at the foolish person in the tight sexy costume and shouting suggestive comments: all of this falls under the term "Catcalling". Behind this term is nothing less than a form of verbal sexual harassment in public spaces.
Half of the vehicles lost? The USA sees Moscow's tank stocks greatly depleted
Half of the vehicles lost? The USA sees Moscow's tank stocks greatly depleted
The Pentagon estimates that Russia has lost a significant number of tanks in Ukraine since the start of the war, with the loss of "half of its main stock".
The Russian army has already lost half of its battle tanks in its attack on Ukraine, according to estimates by the US Department of Defense. "Probably half of the main stock of tanks" of the Russian army has been "destroyed or seized by Ukraine," said Celeste Wallander, Under Secretary for International Security Affairs in the US Department of Defense.
Wallander did not provide any further details about the number of tanks seized and destroyed according to US estimates during an online event at the think tank Center for a New American Security.
Ukraine is set to receive battle tanks from several Western allies in the coming weeks. Great Britain has promised to deliver Challenger-2 battle tanks to Kiev in March. Germany wants to deliver a battalion of Leopard-2 tanks to Ukraine in a coalition with other states by April. The USA has also promised a battalion of 31 Abrams-type battle tanks, but their delivery is expected to take much longer.
Russia wants to catch up
In response to Western military aid, former Kremlin chief Dmitri Medvedev promised to build and modernize thousands of tanks. "As we know, our enemy abroad has been begging for planes, missiles, and tanks," Medvedev, who is now deputy head of the Russian Security Council, said during a visit to a tank factory in the Siberian city of Omsk. "It is clear that in this case it is self-evident for us to increase the production of various types of weapons and military technology - including modern tanks."
A law that allows the economy to be more closely aligned with the needs of the army has been in force in Russia since last summer. This means that individual industries can be required to supply the armed forces.
Turmoil over the filling of positions in the army
This is because the position that the former director of the Heeresgeschichtliches Museum (HGM) Christian Ortner will hold in the future was not advertised. The personnel representative of the Academy, Herwig Jedlaucnik, suspects that the position was given through corruption and abuse of office. Defense Minister Klaudia Tanner (ÖVP) defends the procedure.
A tender is not necessary because the appointment is for an unoccupied position, said the minister. "I do not want to comment on the speculations of a liberal personnel representative," she said. Ortner was replaced at the head of the HGM last year after 17 years. In addition to criticism of the museum's handling of Austria's military past, he was faced with serious accusations of mobbing. These accusations have been cleared up in Tanner's view.
Jedlaucnik also doubts the suitability of Ortners expertise. Ornter is an expert on the First World War and the wars of the monarchy, but the institute deals with current issues of security policy.
The SPÖ is demanding that Tanner provide clarification about the "unusual appointment process". The decision was tainted by the "appearance of job-swapping", says SPÖ spokesperson Robert Laimer. The Neos are calling on Tanner to withdraw the appointment. The ÖVP is "still up to its neck in the corruption quagmire", said Douglas Hoyos, spokesperson for national defense. He announced that a parliamentary inquiry would be launched on the topic.
Carnival: First fools fall to costs
Thuringia's carnival stronghold of Wasungen wants to stick to the traditional carnival parade, unlike the state capital. However, the higher costs, including for security, are difficult to manage, says carnival president Marcel Kißling. The funds alone for this make up about half of the calculated total costs for the parade.
In Brandenburg, there are no carnival parades. The "Parade of the Happy People" in Cottbus, which is probably once again the largest in East Germany, will take place for the first time after the pandemic. No parades have been cancelled for the Swabian-Alemannic carnival either.
Schleswig-Holstein's carnival stronghold Marne is sticking to the traditional parade despite the increased costs. "We are carrying out our event," says the president of the carnival society, Heiko Claußen. But even here, financial worries are a concern: if more sponsors are not found or the existing ones do not contribute more, reserves will have to be tapped - "this cannot be done every year." The current deficit: approximately 200,000 euros.
And inflation: For the sweets, there is a price increase of up to 60 percent in some cases, says Elvira Reuther from the Nürnberger Fastnachtszug Support Association. By chance, too much was ordered in 2020, which is why there is still enough stock this time. However, it is already certain that the parade will be more expensive. Twice as many personnel will be required for security as in 2020.
Anyone standing on the side of the road during the carnival parade in the Rhineland on Shrove Monday might receive fewer sweets than before. Because sweets have become more expensive, some parade participants have less to give away. Sweets or not, the crowds are likely to be large: "I think that if it doesn't rain that day, we can expect a lot of people," says Holger Kirsch, the carnival leader in Cologne. "That's because two years have passed since the last regular carnival parade. The parade is, of course, irreplaceable."
The organizing committee in Cologne is not commenting in detail on the costs. However, the train is generally "deficitary", which is no secret.
The Ukraine Diary: Dreams and homemade vodka
Ukrainians are not without reason known for their love of alcohol. There is domestic beer such as Obolon from Kiev or beer from Lviv. I always discover German beer here. Not Kulmbacher, but other large breweries such as Krombacher or Warsteiner. I can't really tell the difference in taste. The same goes for vodka, which is widely available. They mainly distill it in the villages themselves. They call it Samargon. No one knows exactly how much of it is consumed in the former Soviet republics. In Russia, the Minister of Health claimed a few years ago that consumption had fallen by a whopping 80 percent in five years. Well, you can see that you can't really trust the Russians. It is said that tourists should be careful with it. But that only applies if they go to the mass market. Then they are probably being ripped off.
FC Hansa Rostock rewards itself for the high effort: "Match luck on our side"
Food and Drink
If you want to celebrate the weekend with a cocktail or have a beer after work, Rostock and Warnemünde have great places for that. The restaurant scene offers many locations for after-work meetings or for warming up before club parties. Where is the best place? A look at the Google reviews shows it.
Biathlon World Championships: Federal President sees favourite win and praises Oberhof
Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his wife Elke Büdenbender were greeted at the arena by chimney sweep master Tobias Böttger and the Oberhof mascot "Flocke"
Oberhof. The German biathletes had nothing to do with the awarding of medals in the World Championship sprint in Oberhof. However, there were two glimmers of light in the fog.
Despite the President's efforts, it was impossible to tell from the VIP stand on Saturday whether the discs really fell at the shooting range. "I had to get the results on my mobile phone," said Frank-Walter Steinmeier with a smile, and referred to the fog that kept rolling into the stadium, which severely impaired the spectators' view of the race on the Rennsteig.
Steinmeier nevertheless enjoyed the visit to the 10 km sprint race at the Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof, and received numerous tips from the Olympic champions Frank Ullrich and Peter Sendel: "Since the Olympic Games in South Korea, when Laura Dahlmeier won the gold in the first race, I have been fascinated by biathlon," he revealed, and praised Oberhof for its modernized sports facilities: "The newly renovated arena is great and offers ideal conditions. The athletes also say so - with thanks to those who have been working here since the World Championships were awarded." The location is now also "a step ahead" of many others in terms of sustainability, and is therefore "secure for the next few years and even decades."
The Norwegian Johannes Thingnes Bö once again outran the competition in the sporting event. Despite a penalty lap after a shooting error, he secured the win in 23:21.7 minutes, securing his sixth victory in the sixth sprint of the winter season – and thereby his second World Championship title in Oberhof. His brother Tarjei, who shot without errors (14.8 seconds behind), and Sturla Holm Lägreid (1 penalty lap/39.9 seconds) as well as Johannes Dale (1/43.6) completed the Norwegian quadruple victory.
The local ski-jumpers were unable to get involved in the battle for the medals the day after Denise Herrmann-Wicks triumph. Johannes Kühn, after a shooting error and with a deficit of 1:04.8 minutes, finished in eighth place as the best German. WM debutant Justus Strelow shot flawlessly and became twelfth (1:14.6). Two glimpses of light behind the grey veil. On the other hand, Benedikt Doll once again disappointed. After his disastrous mixed competition on Wednesday, the Black Forest native this time left five targets standing and disappeared as the 55th, deeply disappointed and without comment, into the dressing room.
Bö started the race with the number 1 in front of 14,300 spectators and demonstrated his status despite the difficult visibility. However: In his last two standing shots, he had the luck of the skilled; they landed on the edge of the discs and still fell. The 29-year-old then enjoyed the award ceremony together with his five-year-older brother: "It is the best feeling to stand here with him," said the world champion. "We are the best family, the best brothers, the best athletes."
There is little doubt that the Norwegians will also dominate the pursuit on Sunday. However, the German hopes rest with Herrmann-Wick. "If you start as number one, the goal is not to finish tenth. There is only full throttle and attack to defend the number one position," said sports director Felix Bitterling, putting his "locomotive" on the spot. The organizers expect an almost sold-out arena for the double event (13:25 and 15:30/ZDF and Eurosport live).
Brych dislikes "bee swarm" on the pitch
Felix Brych - Referee Felix Brych will decide on the referee ball.
Aggressive players or grumpy coaches? Germany's referees want to "consistently punish" unsportsmanlike conduct. Referee head Fröhlich points to a role model function.
German top referee Felix Brych has identified negative trends in the way players interact on the pitch. "I think there are new behaviours from the players, who surround the referee after decisions a bit like a swarm of bees and try to push him into the review area," said the 47-year-old to the German Press Agency. "We discussed this during the winter break. We decided that we do not want to accept such unsporting behaviour. We will pay more attention to this in the future and will also sanction it."
Lastly, two coaches were also given place bans. Mainz coach Bo Svensson was sent off during the cup defeat against FC Bayern. Freiburg coach Christian Streich was given a red card for the league defeat in Dortmund. "The coach's behavior also falls under the category of unsporting behavior. We have noticed that unsporting behavior has increased in this area as well, that the behavior towards referees has become a bit more demanding or aggressive. We also want to consistently punish such unsporting behavior," said Brych.
DFB referee chief Lutz Michael Fröhlich pointed out a fundamentally good relationship between coaches and referees. "Overall, the relationship fits. There are reactions, followed by consistent counter-reactions. The person affected must then live with that. That shouldn't be anything world-shattering," Fröhlich told the German Press Agency.
"Emotions can certainly lead to conflicts during the course of a game. But if emotions spill over into personal insults, then one must also accept that the appropriate measures will be taken by the referee," said Fröhlich. In the most recent cases, the parties involved have cleared things up afterwards. "It would only be important if a process of reflection were to get underway overall, so that such behavior is simply not tolerated," said Fröhlich on the sidelines of an event of the Association of German Sports Journalists in Munich.
The 65-year-old pointed out possible effects on a different level. "Of course, incidents from professional football always have an impact. There is a role model effect, which results in imitation. In the most recent cases in the Bundesliga, the referees have consistently reacted to negative behavior," said Fröhlich. "Regardless of the consistent interpretation of the rules in the game, a clarifying conversation, with an exchange of perspectives between the referees and those affected, is always helpful."
Combined athlete Oftebro wins in Schonach
The victory was secured by the Norwegian Jens Luraas Oftebro after a jump from the normal hill and the 10 kilometre long cross-country ski race, ahead of the Austrian overall leader Johannes Lamparter. Third place went to Kristjan Ilves from Estonia.
The German Nordic combined team is not at full strength in the Black Forest. Beijing Olympic gold medalists Vinzenz Geiger, Eric Frenzel, and Johannes Rydzek are not there. They are preparing for the World Championships with training in Oberstdorf, which will take place from February 21 to March 5 in the Slovenian town of Planica. "We have three world-class athletes at home. The team naturally feels this," said team coach Hermann Weinbuch on ZDF.
Seven people sustain minor injuries in a collision on the A5
Seven people, including two children, were slightly injured in a collision involving four vehicles on the A5 motorway near Hemsbach (Rhein-Neckar-Kreis). According to a police statement, the collision occurred on Saturday when a driver, caught in a slight traffic jam from behind, collided with a car and pushed it into two other vehicles. The full closure of the lanes in the direction of Heidelberg was lifted after about one and a half hours.
Finissage at the Marl Sculpture Museum
The exhibition was initiated by: the initiators Sebastian Freytag (left) and Georg Elben (right) stand with artist Christian Freudenberger in front of his wall painting.
On Sunday, 12 February, an unusual exhibition will come to an end at the Marl Sculpture Museum. There will be some extras for the finale.
The final event for the exhibition "Wandgebunden" will take place on Sunday, February 12, at 3:00 PM in the transitional quarters of the Marl Sculpture Museum in Georg-Herwegh-Straße 63-67. In three exhibition rooms, two large-format wall paintings will attract attention.
After the exhibition, the walls will be painted over and the artworks will disappear. However, a catalogue will document the works created specifically for the Marl Museum. It will be presented by the two curators, Georg Elben and Sebastian Freytag, on 12 February.
For the final event, Dr. Friederike Schuler will also give a talk on wall-bound art in the service of the community. Using numerous examples of images, she will present the special features of wall painting from the Weimar Republic and ask about the connections to this art form in the Federal Republic, with a focus on NRW from the 1950s to the 1970s.
Dr. Friederike Schuler is a freelance art historian and curator who earned her doctorate in 2013 on the wall paintings of the Weimar Republic. Since then, she has been researching building-related art, as well as the history of art and institutions in post-war Germany. Most recently, she has been researching this topic with Sebastian Freytag, focusing on art in construction in NRW. After the lecture, the final curator-led tour of the exhibition will take place. The artists will be present.
Arrest warrants after building collapses in Turkey
It is about construction defects that have contributed to the collapse of buildings: in the Turkish earthquake region, the judicial authorities have issued arrest warrants for dozens of suspects.
Istanbul. In the south of Turkey, dozens of arrest warrants have been issued following building collapses during the earthquake, due to possible construction defects. In the city of Diyarbakir, arrest warrants have been issued against 33 people, reported the state news agency Anadolu on Saturday, citing prosecutors. The accused are said to be responsible for construction defects that contributed to the collapse of the buildings.
The prosecutor's office in Adana is also investigating possible construction defects in collapsed buildings, according to Anadolu. As part of these investigations, 62 arrest warrants have been issued so far, it was reported. One of the accused was reportedly apprehended at the airport in Istanbul. He was allegedly trying to travel to Montenegro with cash and is now in custody pending further investigation, according to Anadolu. Nine other people were reportedly arrested in the cities of Sanliurfa and Osmaniye.
On Monday morning, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.7 shook the Turkish-Syrian border area, followed by another earthquake with a magnitude of 7.6 in the afternoon. More than 7,500 buildings collapsed in Turkey alone.
Former East German Prime Minister Hans Modrow has died
Hans Modrow is dead, the Left Party in the German Bundestag announced. The 95-year-old died in the night to Saturday. The chairman of the Left Party, Dietmar Bartsch, praised the former SED official and later PDS and Left politician as a "deeply sincere socialist."
"Hans Modrow passed away last night at the age of 95," the Left Party in the German Bundestag announced on Saturday. The party is losing "a significant personality," explained the party's chairperson Dietmar Bartsch and the former party leader Gregor Gysi.
In the 1970s, Hans Modrow became the 1st secretary of the SED district leadership in Dresden. As Minister President, he accompanied the end of the GDR. Only four days after the fall of the Berlin Wall, on November 13, 1989, he became the chairman of the GDR Council of Ministers - for around 150 days. In the Volkskammer elections on March 18, 1990, the SED/PDS lost power and Modrow lost his office a month later. He was succeeded as the last Minister President of the GDR until reunification by the CDU politician Lothar de Maizière.
The chairman of the Left Party, Dietmar Bartsch, described Modrow in a message on the microblogging service Twitter as a "deeply sincere and combative socialist." Bartsch added:
"Right up to his old age, he was an important advisor in our party, and his wisdom will be sorely missed."
"The entire peaceful course of the creation of the German unity was precisely a special merit of his. This will remain his political legacy," wrote Bartsch and Gysi in their obituary.
"His later work in the Volkskammer, the Bundestag, the European Parliament and as honorary chairman of the PDS always consisted in representing even those parts of the former East German population who were not wanted and whose interests were regularly violated."
After reunification, Modrow sat in the German Bundestag for the PDS from 1990 to 1994 and represented them in the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
As reported by the German Press Agency (dpa), Modrow viewed the new state "with a certain amount of criticism". German reunification was accomplished too quickly, the GDR was swallowed up too unconditionally, and it was condemned as an "unjust state" too unilaterally, Modrow criticized in many interviews according to dpa.
What happened in the night
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has condemned Russian rocket attacks. Meanwhile, Kiev has to carry out repairs to the power grid.
Kiev - The latest wave of Russian rocket attacks is forcing new repairs to the Ukrainian energy grid. However, Ukraine is also attacking Russian positions. Several thermal and hydroelectric power plants have been damaged, said the head of the energy supplier Ukrenergo, Volodymyr Kudryzkyj, on Friday evening on Ukrainian television. The situation with the power supply in the Charkiv region is particularly bad. Due to the instability in the Ukrainian power grid, a reactor block had to be shut down at the Chmelnyzkyi nuclear power plant, and production was curtailed at the Riwne and South Ukraine nuclear power plants.
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy condemned the Russian attack with about 100 rockets and cruise missiles on Friday as terrorism. In a video message, however, he reported to his fellow citizens how much support Ukraine received on his trip to London, Paris and Brussels this week.
Selenskyj does not want to leave the small town of Bachmut in the lurch
On February 24, war will be declared for a year. US President Joe Biden announced a visit to Poland, a key supporter of Ukraine, shortly before the anniversary. The danger of Russian missile attacks continued into the night before Saturday. In the capital Kiev, an air raid alarm was sounded for the fifth time that day late on Friday evening. "An attack with drones is imminent," the military administration of the Kiev region reported. Combat drones of Iranian design were also spotted and shot down over the regions of Mykolajiw and Odessa in the south.
Deutsche Bahn: The Federal Government has chosen consultants for the network company
Demands from the FDP and the Greens, among others, to split it off during the election campaign failed due to the coalition partner SPD. In the coalition agreement, a compromise was reached on an infrastructure company that should be geared towards the common good in the future. This means that it does not need to generate and distribute profits.
Backlog of 80 billion euros in renovations
The two consulting firms are to help the government to monitor this process. The backlog of repairs to the rail network is a major reason why the railways are currently running very late. Transport Minister Wissing has made it his mission to eliminate this problem with the complete renovation of entire railway corridors. The investments required for this have been estimated at 50 billion euros, but according to more recent calculations by the railway company, they are likely to be as much as 80 billion euros.
Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof 2023 - Gold for Denise Herrmann-Wick: "Can someone pinch me, please?"
The external circumstances apparently did not work in Herrmann-Wick's favor. She said after the race that she had slept poorly, was "totally agitated", and her pulse had not returned to normal even when she entered the stadium. "A race like this", she said, "is something that cannot be described in words", she said. 11,000 spectators cheered to the thumping sound of schlager music, waving German flags. Coaches and team members fell into each other's arms.
"Enjoy the biathlon," that was her goal
The pressure had been particularly high for Herrmann-Wick. The 34-year-old had started the World Championships as the biggest, if not the only, German medal hope outside of the relay teams. Herrmann-Wick is the only German to have won two World Cups this winter. She currently occupies fifth place in the overall World Cup. And even though the performance density among women is significantly higher at the top than among men, where Johannes Thingnes Bø and his Norwegian team currently dominate, there were other names on the list for this sprint victory.
Criticism of the government - Bishop in Nicaragua sentenced to 26 years in prison
The bishop is a prominent critic of the left-leaning head of state. He accuses Ortega of suppressing religious freedom. Relations between the Nicaraguan government and the Catholic Church have been severely strained since 2018, when demonstrators demanding Ortega's resignation took refuge in churches. More than 350 people died in the protests in 2018. Thousands of people left the Central American country in the following years, often out of fear of repression or arrest. President Ortega accuses the Catholic clergy of conspiring with the US government to overthrow him.
Bundeswehr: The arms industry is demanding more orders from the special fund
The first arms projects have therefore already been cancelled, and further projects are threatened with the same fate, as reported by the "Welt am Sonntag." It is currently not possible to say which investments will be specifically affected. "There is no need to assign specific procurement measures to a possible need for savings at this point in time," says a response from the German government to a question from Ingo Gädechens (CDU), a member of the German parliament.
The background to the declining investment sum is the rising interest rates. The special fund, which is fully financed by credit and which the German parliament decided on in June 2022, must bear the interest burden for the loans itself. If these interest rates rise, there will be less money available for the specific acquisitions for the Bundeswehr. In addition, the current high inflation is reducing the purchasing power of the remaining sum.
Kupferzell: Accident with 3 injured
In the night from Friday to Saturday (10.02.-11.02.), at around 1:40 a.m., a 24-year-old BMW driver, coming from Kupferzell, wanted to turn left onto the Autobahn in the direction of Heilbronn at the Kupferzell Autobahn entrance. At this time, a 21-year-old VW driver was driving on the B 19 in the direction of Künzelsau, as the police reported. During the BMW driver's turning maneuver, a collision occurred between the two vehicles.
Both parties involved in the accident stated that the traffic light system installed at the accident site showed "green" for them. An inspection of the traffic light system revealed no issues. Further investigations are ongoing. The 24-year-old, the 21-year-old, and the passenger in the BMW were all slightly injured in the accident and had to be taken to the hospital. The two cars suffered a total of approximately €20,000 in damage.
Stuttgart's Schlossplatz remembers the victims of the earthquake disaster
Many people from Stuttgart followed the call of the Ditib mosque community in Feuerbach on Friday evening.
Tens of thousands of people have died in the earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria. Sympathy is widespread - including in Stuttgart.
The earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria is preoccupying the world. On Friday evening, more than 200 people gathered on Stuttgart's Schlossplatz to remember the victims and pray for them.
Many members of the congregation followed the call of the Ditib mosque community in Feuerbach, young and old, women and men. They all listened to the imam's prayer in silence and with seriousness. In the prayer, the imam asked Allah for help for the people in the affected areas, so that they could also overcome this catastrophe. He asked, among other things, for health, protection from plagues, and for respectful treatment of one another. The congregation also requested assistance and strength "to bring our help to the areas affected by the earthquake."
Ditib stands by the people in Turkey and Syria. The speakers expressed their sympathy for the victims and the families of the more than 22,000 people who had died at the time of the memorial event. The prayers were also translated into German on the castle square.
Muslims in Germany have shown great solidarity with the earthquake victims in the Turkish-Syrian border region. The donation campaign of the German Islamic Association Turkish-Islamic Union (Ditib) has already raised several million euros.
The Alevite community in Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt collected donations of goods in Glockenstraße over several days, which were then transported by lorry to the earthquake regions. The willingness to help there was also overwhelming.
Hiking with meat filling - Ebersberg
"After eating, you should rest or take a thousand steps"... The older generation knows the proverb, the younger generation simply puts it into practice. In any case, during the pandemic years, the good old digestive walk has experienced an unprecedented renaissance. Because who, thanks to home office, is not sitting in the middle of a desert of stone, but rather just a stone's throw away from fields, forests, and meadows, now uses the lunch break either after the quick snack in front of the screen or instead for a walk in the fresh air. At least, this is the impression one could get around the Egglburger See, where between 12 and 2 p.m., not only dog owners are hanging out.
One reason could of course be that people in modern times can associate the health-promoting supply of fresh air with other things as a result of optimal use of time slots. Why not, for example, use a short walk through nature to get news from the settlement from a neighbor you haven't seen in a long time? Or to meet a friend with whom you never manage to go to the cinema, not even to the Alte Kino? In this way, it is also possible to combine work and private life - who says that the appointment with a tax consultant, lawyer or investment advisor can't take place outdoors, provided that there are no nearby foreign ears, of course.
What one can also do very well is to acquire items such as fresh fruit, which is sold alongside cheese on a table by the side of the road. Or potatoes and meat. It's only unfortunate if one has not already thought about the purchase and made the appropriate arrangements. An elderly couple in Hinteregglburg leaves the farmer's wooden sales room empty-handed and with regret in their voice: "It's a shame, we forgot to bring money."
One can sympathize with the disappointment, even if one does have a companion with a wallet, but not a means of transport. One should also let the sympathetic acquaintance know this. To which the man replies: "That's not true! You do have a bag with you!" He points to the hood of the jacket, which one quickly put on before leaving the house, even though the sunshine makes an additional head covering unnecessary. "My wife always packs everything in there!"
And so it happens that you set out on the return journey with a meat dish and, on this midday excursion, you not only come back with a lamb fillet, but also with a very practical idea. It is quite possible that a second walk will be in order that day - after dinner, this time actually for digestion.
Trapped and seriously injured
Around 9 p.m., the 25-year-old was driving his Audi on the Kreisstraße towards Hailfingen when, for reasons that are still unclear, he veered off to the right after a left-hand bend, according to the police report. The Audi hit a guide post, collided sideways with a tree and came to a stop a few meters away. The driver was trapped in his car as a result of the collision. The fire department freed him using heavy equipment. The rescue service took the seriously injured man to a hospital. Since there was a suspicion of driving while incapacitated, a blood sample was taken. The police report states that the Audi was a total loss, with damage estimated at 1000 euros.
Donald Trump's tax records: A point for the rule of law
The US Department of Justice has decided: The financial authority must hand over the tax returns of the former president to parliament.
Trump 2018, still in office as President of the USA
The Treasury Department must order the tax authority IRS to release confidential documents to the Financial and Tax Committee, the Department's decision on Friday stated.
Contrary to political custom in the USA, the real estate entrepreneur Trump had not made his tax returns public either as a candidate or later as president. He fought against their release all the way to the Supreme Court. A district attorney in New York has now received the documents, but no details may be made public from them - unless a trial takes place.
The release to Congress is probably more sensitive for Trump: There, the circle of those authorized to access the information is somewhat larger and, under certain conditions, individual details could be released during the course of the committee's investigation. Moreover, confidential information is always leaking out of Congress.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, immediately welcomed the decision as a "victory for the rule of law." Access to the Republican's tax records is a matter of national security, she wrote on Twitter. "The American people deserve to know the facts about his conflicts of interest and his undermining of our security as president," Pelosi explained.
Cabaret in the Bastion: Life plays between birth and death
Kirchheim. Pasta or pizza? Samsung or Apple? Which mobile phone contract from the many offers? Stay or leave? Either - or? As slaves to time, people today rush from one appointment to the next, sometimes pushing people and hamburgers in between. Lucy van Kuhl shows in her new program that the "in-between" state has something exciting about it.
In a humorous and thought-provoking way, Lucy van Kuhl tells and sings about situations from life. In her sensitive chansons and snappy cabaret songs, she gets to the point - and there is a lot between the lines. The show starts on Saturday, February 18th at 8:30 PM at the Kirchheimer Club Bastion.
British serious offender caught after long flight in Thailand
London - After five years on the run, a convicted drug dealer from Great Britain has been caught in Thailand. As the British National Crime Agency (NCA) announced on Saturday, the man was arrested by Thai police on Friday in a car workshop in Bangkok. The 55-year-old was on the "Most Wanted" list of the criminals most wanted by the NCA.
The leader of a criminal group fled in early 2018, according to authorities, before the start of a trial in which he was sentenced to eleven years in prison in absentia for attempting to import amphetamines worth eight million pounds (nine million euros).
Encounters at the church table
Bielefeld
What is served is a secret beforehand. After all, people are primarily coming to the Vesperkirche to meet others, not because something specific is on the menu. This Sunday is the start of the two-week period when the Neustadt Marienkirche will be transformed into a dining hall.
Cabaret - Stories from the Big Apple
Vince Ebert has a mission: The physicist from Lower Franconia, who has been living in Vienna for three years and, according to his own statements, loves the Viennese sense of humor, uses his cabaret programs to champion science. This is reflected in the programmatic title of his current solo show, "Make Science Great Again." Whether this fits in well with the generally prevalent skepticism towards science in Austria is a matter of debate. However, his humor fits in very well with Vienna.
The English title also derives from Ebert's recent life story, as in 2019 he tried to make a name for himself as a stand-up comedian in New York for a year. Now he is back and he tells his German-speaking audience not only about his experiences abroad, but also explains what Wissenaft actually is and what it can do - and what it can't do. Corona is of course mentioned, as well as German thoroughness in the bathroom and American engineering skills.
And he breaks it down to the most important question that many people avoid: What is really important? All of this with a huge wink, in a calm and very ironic way. And so, not only are you entertained, but you can also learn something from it.
Please go for typing... it doesn't take long, it doesn't hurt and it can save many people's lives.
My phone rings with an unknown number. I answer. This woman is the honest finder of her wallet.
The Nordcon team also writes: "In contrast to our old location, we now have only a very few stairs.
MP Pfeiffer calls climate protection a replacement religion. May even be true, because I love this planet and its civilization more than any abstract god
Ten firefighters and two police officers were injured, some seriously, in the explosion.
I can dismiss it all as harmless eccentricity. One does not do such things to children.
It's good that for decades the city's politicians have been extolling the virtues and never questioning them.
Peace and security in the era of change? On Monday, May 15 at 6:00 PM, the Solidarity Church, the Peace Panel, and the Evangelical City Academy invite you to a lecture and discussion event at the Evangelical College on the topic of "Peace and security in the era of change?"
I really don't understand why they don't hold events like this on Sundays, or in the city.
What is the #Railway actually doing to drive customers away and further ruin its image!?
Brilliant how well #LuisaNeubauer puts it to the point. We need people just like her. Thank you Luisa!
Microtransactions in Diablo IV: Blizzard reveals details and prices of monetization <URL> #DiabloIV #ActivisionBlizzard
After the political crisis and new elections in 2020, politicians of all colours are travelling to Germany together for the first time (!).
I'm looking forward to seeing who I'll meet and get to know there ;-)
Party colleague Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is eleven, as is the Ministry of Education under Anja Karliczek, who is also a CDU minister.
So that's really nothing new, it's like that with every electronic ticket. Check-in/check-out is a different house number.
Certainly not a reason to do anything about the tax evasion of 150 billion euros per year alone in Germany.
Is anyone playing #wortify and found the word with all the letters today? If so, please let me know, I'm going crazy right now.
I haven't written anything for a long time, the search for a suitable job has taken up all my resources for a long time.
Dunja #Hayali will be moderating the Aktuelle Sportstudio for the last time on Saturday: <URL>
If the city installs these bicycle routes in the secondary network, he is also against it. Can the man ever make up his mind?
Actually, I was going to grab my camera and go for a walk. What's up? It's raining.
After a serious accident or other traumatic event, those affected are often in shock. How can you help someone who has suffered a psychological shock?
Digital exclusion: a new form of discrimination - The whole documentary
With me: I always need a bottle of water by my bed. If there is more in the bottle, I usually don't drink any or at most two to three sips.
This is the third nationwide warning strike: 50 railway and transport companies want to strike again from Sunday until next Tuesday.
I only ever get #voicemail from one very good friend. Then I make myself a coffee, light a cigarette and listen. Always very entertaining. He's the only one who's allowed to do that.
Tomorrow I can finally hand in my computer for repair and then the outlook is quite good that I can start working again sometime in June. Hey, at least there is a perspective!
The plenary is called upon to follow the idea; this principle must also be anchored in the #CyberResilienceAct and the #ProductLiabilityDirective.
Disposable or reusable? The environmental organization recommends reusable, while Lidl uses a disposable system. However, other factors such as short transportation routes also come into play.
The EPP Group in the EU Parliament wants to undermine key components of the EU Commission's Green Deal, such as the pesticide regulation and the law on renaturation.
Software problems: Polestar delays production start and cuts staff - <URL>
Tomorrow I have the day off again because there is no trailer signage and not so much urgent work to do. It's a Friday that lives up to its name!
I bought all of this from System Matters, I just prefer PDFs. Currently, I am working on the Black Sword Hack.
Dear readers, dear followers, If so, how much does it cost? Are there any special conditions? If not, is such a variant still planned? Many thanks to you!
A new episode of Hasophonie: "The Illusion of Justice. How we do ourselves and others an injustice."
And whoever cannot understand the panic of the people has not read enough @IPCC_CH reports.
A microphone that saves energy and is inspired by nature
A British research group is using 3D printing to develop biomimetic sound recording systems based on the senses of the small wax moth.
This was preceded by heated political disputes, including those regarding Willy Brandt's (SPD) general East policy.
I myself am not a fan of elephants, but maybe there are still a few fans here.
What I wanted to say next. I am happy to answer any question if I can.
10 years ago I read "Biohacking - Genetic Engineering from the Garage". Cool and exciting book.
There are farmers in #Ukraine who own more Russian tanks.
It's a Thursday, but this time it's a regular #Jazz concert taking place tonight at the #Jazzhaus #Heidelberg.
I want an orange network card! What color do you have or want?
The preventive medical examination as a key measuring point of the passing of time.
How detached and contemptuous can one actually be? Whoever has a heart attack at the end of the month should please stay at home until the account is covered again or the family doctor can be reached? I am already looking forward to the debate on this motion! Health Minister Lauterbach, on the other hand.
Several firefighters and police officers were seriously injured in an explosion in #Ratingen. According to the @rponline-Ticker & NRW-IM Reul, there are vague indications that the man was sympathetic to Corona deniers. He was wanted on an arrest warrant.
Specifically, from a star: the sun, its protuberances, but above all, how much of the energy that comes from it we let in and let out again, and at what level.
All jokes are made
And we laughed a lot. The sound fades away quietly
On the way home. The applause sounds foreign. Who was actually applauded? Or was it pleasant for us
To see only the others in what is said? To see ourselves in them...
Hmmm, before touching cyclists, one must call "En garde" loudly and clearly.
Hello Julia, I hope you enjoyed your memorial service and the burial of your urn.
"A Brief History of Religion on Anthropogenic Climate Change: From the Myth of Eternal Carbon Dioxide or How Elegant Theories Become Gospels When They Threaten to Fail in Earthly Practice."
The further expansion of the Federal Police into an instrument of repressive isolationist policies is not improved by a few control receipts. But also for the first time, there is #labeling obligation and control receipts against #racialprofiling.
Sovereign Storm of Grailknights live on stage at Colos-Saal Aschaffenburg, 1 April 2023.
New legal opinion sees chat control as incompatible with EU fundamental values. Nevertheless, the Commission continues.
... and one more update, I found the email locally on a notebook. The house doesn't lose anything! I can always rely on my digital messitum.
If you have enough money, you can also demand such things. The economy will be happy.
Healthy materials were used in the construction, and attention was paid to resource-saving construction.
So, according to the current planning, I will be driving an electric car, possibly, from September onwards. We'll see how many more times the construction deadline will be pushed back until then...
Human rights organizations are now sounding the alarm: freedom of choice is in danger.
Moitzfeld: Discussion about new kindergarten <URL> #radioberg #bergischesland #news #localnews #nrw #oberberg #rheinberg #news
The Federal Public Prosecutor's Office is refusing to investigate.
Grandpa, bury, principle, what you need, you take out of the ground what you want to get rid of, you put it back into the ground.
But even on Feldberg, with just two degrees, it's not quite "ice" yet. We'll have to see how it looks on Sunday at Schluchsee.
Are there any people from Generation Z here in the #Fediverse or on the instance NRW.social?
Understandable, such a spectacle of the gate has not been seen here for a long time!
I spoke with people who criticized "the politics" for this a few days ago.
Where do you want to use me so that you don't go bankrupt? What do you pay? Can I chill in home office? And I want a 4-day work week.
Train strike: Will I still get to my destination after 10 p.m. on Sunday? - Deutsche Bahn assumes that train traffic will continue until the start of the warning strike on Sunday. But what if travelers are still not at their destination by then?
Hacking & Pentesting Hardware Presentation at the Police
I was invited to introduce the most important tools to the incoming police officers.
Great book: the maid. By Nita Prose. Crime novel with interesting protagonists and an unexpected perspective. Exciting until the very end.
NBA: Stephen Curry with 27 points, Warriors beat Lakers - Highlights, Boxscore, Statistics: <URL> #basketball #nba
At Hertha, this is still uncertain, a win against the last-place team from Berlin is in the air.
Now I have to tell a nice story for a moment.
I absolutely did not expect to receive a paper train ticket in the mail.
The number of care workers on sick leave has risen sharply from 2021 to 2022. How is that possible? According to data from Techniker Krankenkasse (TK), which are available to the Evangelischer Pressedienst, the number of sick leave cases increased by 40 percent compared to 2021.
"The extent of the workload, particularly in nursing, is also shown by a report from the German Trade Union Confederation (DGB).
Transgender: Does not identify with the gender assigned at birth.
The 2020 US election: still "stolen." His interviewer: "mean." One day after his conviction for sexual abuse, Donald Trump appears on CNN to answer questions from a moderator and the audience.
Fiscal policy: Tax revenue lower than expected
This will make the budget negotiations more difficult.
Perhaps then the search engine and Google Assistant will finally understand that they do not need to show any recipes with meat.
A #PopClip extension that allows you to color mark text in #Obsidian... <URL>
#FAV2023 After a #Coaching session and lunch break, the #DigitalMentors continue
"#Batteries from scrapped #ElectricCars are often still far from being exhausted. In a pilot project, they are being used to store #renewable #energy and to balance #grid fluctuations."
#Democracy has so far also generated broad prosperity. We will see what a democracy is worth if it no longer means prosperity.
Arrived at the #Amtrak station in Providence, Rhode Island.
It is worthwhile to rebuild this artwork in order to get rid of this straight line of concrete slabs. This is what I plan to do.
Google's pretty thickly applied AI power demonstration <URL>
The entrance to our hotel in Argenton-sur-Creuse - makes you want to explore the world behind it.
I am at a loss. And I notice how more and more fear is rising, that I might have something terrible boiling inside me that is not being addressed.
I still have about 200 euros worth of unprocessed train tickets from the last #strike.
Fairbuds XL: This is what sustainability sounds like
They are easy to repair.
Pakistan: Supreme Court orders release of Imran Khan
The lawyer for Pakistan's former prime minister has succeeded in his appeal: Imran Khan is to be released. Thousands had protested after his arrest.
The stretch closure between Herchen and Eitorf has been lifted. The unauthorized persons on the stretch between Herchen and Eitorf have been apprehended.
1. Generalities
The one-man entertainment device BATTLEZONE is equipped with a Vector or X/Y monitor. This game illustrates the battle from the perspective of a tank driver. The battles take place in a wide valley completely surrounded by mountains and volcanoes. In the valley floor there are rock pyramids and boulders that offer the player temporary protection, as they cannot be destroyed by enemy fire.
The opponent is represented by slow-moving tracked vehicles and fast super tanks, as well as agile rockets that become increasingly difficult to hit during the extended gameplay. In addition, UFOs appear at periodic intervals. These cannot attack the player's tank, but the player can score a high number of points by hitting a UFO. The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) different operating modes. These are the attraction mode, the game introduction mode, the game mode, the initialization input for maximum results, and the self-test mode. The latter mode represents a special mode for checking the control elements and the computer function.
4. Gameplay
The game is triggered when the push-button switch START is activated. The LED switch remains illuminated and the game sounds can be heard. If the last player's tank is eliminated by the enemy attacker, the game is over. The game begins with tanks moving slowly, which become visible on the screen. The player can determine the position of the respective enemy tanks or rockets by paying attention to the displayed text in the upper left corner of the cockpit's information display. An example of a message could be: ENEMY FROM THE RIGHT. Additionally, a point is visible on the wide-range radar screen, accompanied by a sonar BLIP sound, which represents the enemy position.
The upper, conical area on the radar screen represents the player's field of view on the screen below. If the opponent is in this area, he can be easily targeted on the screen. Additionally, the message OPPONENT IN FIRE AREA is displayed in the upper left-hand information display at the same time.
Temporarily, UFOs appear on the screen flying over the battlefield. These are harmless missiles that observe the battle and cannot eliminate either the enemy or the player's tank. The flight position of the UFOs cannot be detected by radar. The UFOs are intended to round out the battle and distract the player, as they usually appear at the same time as enemy tanks or rockets. UFOs can be eliminated by either the player's tank or the enemy's tank. A hit by the player earns 5,000 points. If the player hits an enemy, the following points are earned: 1,000 points for a slow-moving tank, 2,000 points for a rocket, and 3,000 points for a supertank. A supertank moves and turns twice as fast as the player's tank or a slow-moving enemy tank. The game can be played with 2, 3, 4, or even 5 tanks using various options. After reaching certain point values, a bonus tank can be unlocked and the appearance of the rocket can be varied for a more difficult game setup. Details and the exact switch positions for selecting the gameplay options can be found in the illustration.
5. Initial input for maximum results
If a player exceeds the minimum point score in the High Score Table, he or she may enter three (3) personal initials into the table at the end of the game. The instructions for doing so are self-explanatory and can be displayed in four languages. Note that when a self-test is triggered, the RESET button is pressed on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PCB, or when the power supply is interrupted, the High Score Table is deleted. When deleted (RESET), the ten (10) highest point scores with their initials are obtained and written back onto the screen to challenge further players. Any score over 100,000 is additionally marked with a tank symbol followed by the player's initials. If a player does not enter their initials within 60 seconds, the computer will automatically write dashes. After this, the device will switch back to the attraction gameplay. CONSTRUCTION DETAILS
1. New parts
The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) new components. If you already have experience with ATARI video devices, you should take note of these important differences. The new parts are: A. The control lever. This is a redesign of the ATARI control lever. It has been reinforced by several additional ribs in the inner and outer housing parts, making this assembly more stable and ensuring proper functioning of the switch contacts. Another modification is the rubber centering bellows, which acts like a centering spring to always return the control lever to the center position. The micro switches are now attached with self-locking nuts for easier replacement. B. Two PC boards. ATARI'S X/Y game circuit has been expanded to two interconnected boards. These are the analog vector generator board and the auxiliary board. With the help of this switching technique, more lines are generated on the screen at a higher speed, resulting in a smooth and steady image. C. The power supply. The BATTLEZONE is equipped with a newly designed power supply. It has a larger, more powerful transformer to cover the increased power supply provided by the expansion of the circuit. D. The device housing. Due to the new design, it was now possible to install a new cash box with a larger coin acceptance capacity. Furthermore, the device contains a console that is intended as a podium for smaller players to make playing easier. At the same time, this console ensures maximum device stability in the installation location.
These new components, as well as all other major components of this device, are shown in Figure 1. If any of these new parts are mentioned in the manual, you will find this symbol. 2. Device inspection
After removing the packaging, this new entertainment device is ready to play. However, you should still perform a certain check to complete the quality control. The following checks should be performed to ensure that the device was delivered to you in a proper condition: NOTE: Do not connect the device to the 220 V network yet. A. Examine the outside of the housing for any damage. B. Open the maintenance flap of the device and check the components inside the device as follows: (1) Check all cable harness plugs for a correct and secure connection. If any plugs are open or loose, connect them together.
NOTE: Never force plug connections. The plugs are provided with positive guidance so that a correct connection is made. A plug connection rotated by 180 degrees will destroy the PCB.
(2) Check the plug connections to the game PC board for a proper and secure fit. (3) Check the manufacturing number of the device on the nameplate on the back of the device. Verify that the stamped manufacturing number matches the manufacturing numbers of the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PC board, auxiliary PC board, controller/audio II PC board, and the TV monitor. An image of the location of the manufacturing number is on the back cover of this manual. This number should always be provided when calling your service provider for further service information. (4) Check all other main components such as the power supply, control console, and TV monitor for proper installation. (5) The device must be supplied with mains voltage and turned on. Check that the radar screen is located in the bright, orange-circled opening in the cover by looking through the player's viewing window. If the opening is not centered precisely, the cover, which is attached to the housing with adhesive tape, must be removed and repositioned. Before connecting the device to the mains supply, ensure that the voltage selector plug on the power supply unit 1 (see Fig. 3) matches the local mains voltage. Check the color of the cable on the plug and verify the connection values as listed below:
HAVING TROUBLE WITH YOUR SOFTWARE? Here are a number of tips that can help you solve most problems related to current DirectX games. Check your system configuration.
Please take the time to check that your system meets the requirements listed on the packaging. The DirectX Diagnostic Tool can help you get an overview of your system if you are unsure if your PC meets the requirements. To call up the DirectX Diagnostic Tool, please follow these steps: Click the "Start" button and select the "Run" option. Enter "dxdiag" in the text field. The DirectX Diagnostic Tool user interface will now be displayed. Here you have access to all relevant system details, including information about the graphics and sound card. You can check, among other things, whether graphics and sound are working correctly by clicking the corresponding buttons to test DirectDraw, Direct3D, and DirectSound. Note: If you do not have advanced computer knowledge, we would advise against changing any of the options in the DirectX Diagnostic Tool. Before starting the game
It can happen that other programs are using up the system resources that the game needs to run smoothly. Not all of these programs are obviously active, and many of them start automatically when the system is booted up. Such programs that are constantly active on your system are also called “background applications”. In some cases, they can be the cause of your program hanging or crashing. Therefore, we recommend that you close or deactivate such background applications before starting the game. If antivirus or crash guard programs are running on your system, you should close or deactivate them before starting the game. Look for the program’s icon in the Windows taskbar, right-click the icon and choose the appropriate option (“Deactivate”, “Close”, or similar). Once you have deactivated the antivirus and crash guard programs, you should also close all general background applications, as they can sometimes cause problems when installing or running a PC game. You can read more about this in the section “How to close all unnecessary background applications”. Cleaning up the system
Before installing software, it must be ensured that your hard drive is functioning optimally. Therefore, you should make it a habit to regularly "clean up" your PC. The tools you need for this are included with Windows: use ScanDisk, Defragmentation, and Disk Cleanup to ensure everything runs smoothly. Then the chances are high that current games will run largely problem-free on your PC. A "clean" system also has the advantage that it works much more efficiently, and thus other applications you use will also run faster and more stably. Consult the Windows Help files to learn about the ScanDisk and Check Disk, Defragmentation, and Disk Cleanup tools.
1. Click the "Start" button and choose the "Help" (or "Help and Support") option to call up the Windows Help. 2. Now click in the search field and enter the appropriate keyword, e.g. "ScanDisk" (Win 98/ME), "Check Disk" (Win 2000/XP), "Defragmentation" and "Disk Cleanup". You will then receive instructions that explain how to use these tools.
The game crashes or hangs?
For games that use the latest version of DirectX, you should make sure you have the latest drivers for your graphics card. This can often prevent a game from crashing or hanging. First, you should try downloading the latest drivers from the website of the graphics card manufacturer. Here are the current graphics card manufacturers:
How to end all unnecessary background applications
Important note: After finishing the game, you should reactivate the background applications by restarting your PC. This will automatically reactivate all background applications that you have ended. Windows 98/ME
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The “Close Application” window will now appear, listing all the background applications currently running on your system. 2. To end a background application, click on the entry in the task list and then click the “End Task” button. Note: Do not end the Explorer and Systray background applications, as these are required for Windows to run. You can safely end all other background applications. 3. The window will now close and the task will be ended. Repeat the above steps to end all other background applications (except Explorer and Systray). Windows 2000/XP Professional
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The Windows Security dialog box will now appear. 2. Click on “Task Manager” to open the Windows Task Manager. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click on the “End Task” button. Note: Depending on your system settings, it may happen that when you press STRG, ALT, and ENTF, the Windows Security dialog box does not appear, but instead the Windows Task Manager appears immediately. Windows XP Home
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The Windows Task Manager will now be displayed. 2. To end a background application, switch to the "Applications" tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click the "End Task" button. Before you call the hotline
If you are going to call, you should sit at your PC and have the following information ready (see "Checking the System Configuration" section). Also, please prepare some notes. - PC brand and model - Processor type - Operating system including version number (e.g. Windows® 98;Windows® Me) - RAM (working memory) - Information about graphics and sound card and drivers
INTRODUCTORY WORDS ON DRIVING
The desire to develop video games was sparked in me by the advent of 3D real-time technology, which suddenly opened up a whole new range of possibilities and appeared to me as a new means of expression, by means of which one could push the world to its limits. It represented for me a way of exploring new horizons. I felt like a cinematic pioneer at the beginning of the 20th century: on the one hand, I struggled with the still immature technology, but on the other hand, I was aware that there was still everything to be discovered - in particular, a new language that was both narrative and visual. To be quite honest, the next ten years did not satisfy my hunger. I had the dull feeling that video games only exploited a tiny part of their amazing creative potential, because they were too focused on "action" and forgot about a fundamental element of the human experience: feelings. Meanwhile, technology continued to make rapid progress. Fahrenheit represents my contribution to making video games a true, emotion-conveying means of expression. Although this could of course have been done in a completely different form, Fahrenheit's greatest merit is the fact that it raises real questions and offers concrete answers. Fahrenheit is proof that it is possible to create an interactive gaming experience that is not based solely on fighting off monsters in dark corridors and collecting ammunition, but rather has much more demanding and in-depth content. It is proof that one can tell a story and offer game content without having to sacrifice either the narrative or the interactive elements. I hope that both hardcore gamers and casual players will enjoy this new gaming experience. If you are skeptical about video games, I hope that Fahrenheit will help change your attitude towards them. May other developers also feel the desire to take this new creative path and enrich it with their own inspiration, talent, and ambition. Interactivity is still in its infancy and offers the chance to discover everything anew. Over the past two years, Fahrenheit has filled a large part of our lives and represented an unforgettable interpersonal and intellectual adventure for the entire Quantic Dream team, in which we were repeatedly forced to question many of the previously unassailable principles. I would be happy if Fahrenheit, similarly to books, films, and songs that have left a lasting impression on you, also leaves its mark on you in a way that is not entirely forgettable. David Cage
THE README FILE
The ReadMe file is located on the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM. This file contains the license agreement and updated information about the game. We recommend that you read this file to learn about any changes that have been made since this manual was printed. To view the file, double-click on it in the Fahrenheit folder on your hard drive (usually C:\Programs\Atari\Fahrenheit). You can also access the ReadMe file by clicking the Windows® Start button, then selecting "Programs," "Atari," "Fahrenheit," and finally selecting the ReadMe file.
SETUP AND INSTALLATION
1. Start Windows® 2000/XP. 2. Insert the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM into the DVD-ROM drive. 3. If the "AutoPlay" option is enabled, the title screen should appear. If "AutoPlay" is not enabled or the installation does not start automatically, click the Start button on the Windows® taskbar, and then click "Run." Enter D:\Setup, and then click "OK." Note: If your DVD-ROM drive is assigned a letter other than "D," use that letter instead. 4. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation of the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM. 5. Once the installation is complete, click the Start button on the Windows® taskbar, and then click Programs/Atari/Fahrenheit/Fahrenheit to start the game. Note: The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM must be in the DVD-ROM drive for you to play.
This SERVICE MANUAL is intended to familiarize you with the setup and maintenance of the QIX television entertainment machine. The front pages describe the game play, in addition to important setup and maintenance tips. The following service tips assume a general knowledge of microprocessors, TTL circuits, and television monitors. No repair of the electronic component should be attempted without such knowledge. The electrical diagrams conclude the manual. We ask that you carefully review the instructions in this manual to ensure satisfactory operation of the machine.
The information and illustrations contained in this SERVICE MANUAL are current as of the printing date. Changes for the sake of technical progress are reserved, however, no obligation to provide a replacement! Please note when setting up
Transport damage
If external transport damage is apparent, it must be immediately reported, noted on a transport document and confirmed by the delivery agent (courier, Deutsche Bahn, etc.). The manufacturer is not liable for transport damage! Voltage supply
The device is set for the mains voltage indicated on the nameplate. For other mains voltages, the device transformer and the monitor transformer must be switched. According to VDE regulations, the device is equipped with a protective grounding connection and is intended only for dry rooms. The proper operation of the coin mechanism requires the device to be set up on a scale and level surface. SERVICE TIPS
IMPORTANT! If at any time an incomprehensible display appears on the monitor, please turn the unit off (pull the power cord) and then back on. If the unit still does not work properly after this, it will need to be repaired.
Before repairing, pull out the power plug! When monitoring and testing: Do not touch voltage-carrying parts! The monitor can still carry dangerous voltage even when the device is turned off. CAUTION, HIGH VOLTAGE! There are approximately 20,000 volts at the anode connection of the picture tube. Replace fuses only with those of the same rating! A blown fuse indicates overloading of a component. If a higher-rated fuse is replaced, serious damage can be caused. Replace components only with original replacement parts. Never remove printed circuits/connections when the device is turned on. SERVICE MANUAL QIX
Gameplay
The game is started for one or (with minimum credit 2) for 2 players by pressing the corresponding start button. The aim is to get as much area as possible without crossing the rotating QIX or hitting the wandering SPARX. The game is set up so that a minimum area must be covered before the next area (round) can be tackled. The timing SPARX are shown at the top of the screen by red timing lines. When the red lines meet, additional SPARX are released. When an alarm is sounded, the SPARX become SUPER-SPARX and more aggressive. If, while trying to draw your territory, your marking symbol gets into the death spiral, it will be destroyed, as you cannot cross your own path or go back. If you hesitate and do not complete your area, a fuse is lit and your marking symbol is destroyed. Two speed settings are available. At a slower drawing speed, the points are doubled. After opening the control panel, the 4 programming and test switches are accessible.
The QIX game is capable of self-testing, providing data and demonstrating that circuits and controls are working properly. For more information, see "Service Program." The volume can be adjusted on the volume control (VOLUME) on the Data/Sound PC board.
Programming and Test Switch: SUB-TEST
Function: Jump to the next line of text
Programming and Test Switch: TEST
Function: Advance to the next program step (display)
Programming and Test Switch: Up
Function: Reset to factory setting (until the inscription turns green), increment by 1 step (when the inscription lights up green) Programming and test switch: Down
Function: Countdown by 1 step
It is possible to install a coin counter in the device. A line to 412 V DC power supply. A line to terminal J 15 - 13 on the ROM/IC board.
SERVICE PROGRAM
In general, the 4 switches located in the device, the self-test button, and the LEDs on the video PC board are used for programming and testing.
Programming display. This display is used to select the language (English, French, Spanish, German) with which the address programming and the game work. The "Sub-Test" switch can be used to set the languages. If the desired language appears in green, press the "Test" switch to switch to the next program display. Use display: This display is used to determine the difficulty factor for the game. It can also be used to set a "maximum number of credits" that can be used before the game begins. The text to be changed is set by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch (appears in green), the value for the desired line is programmed using the "Up" or "Down" switch. Pressing the "Sub-Test" switch several times can reach the factory or default setting if the bottom line (RESET line) lights up in green, press the "Up" switch. The values are reset, the pointer (also called the green line) jumps to the first line, and further programming can take place. "Test" always triggers the next program display. "Back" [Reserve High Score Value x 10,000) is used to transfer the high score points to the next program display until "High Score Points So Far". This value determines the required number of points/hits that a player needs for his/her initials (name) and the hit points to be entered on the screen. The "Maximum Number of Credits" determines a coin acceptance limit for the device. If the limit is exceeded, the coin acceptance is blocked if a coin lock is present. This can limit the number of games a player can play. This value is from 1 - 99. It should not be set so close to 99 that when a coin is inserted, the credits cannot be reduced to zero when added to 99. A free play mode can be selected by setting "Maximum Credits" to O. Further programming: "Number of Games": Number of score marks per credit
"Threshold": Height of the % number that must be reached in order to switch to the next lap
"Time limit": Approval for additional Sparx
"Difficulty": Degree of difficulty of the gameplay
"Attracts tone": no tone at "0" in standby mode
"1" tone also in stationary operation (animated tone) "table model": "0" stationary device
Table device at "1"
The credits per coin are set on the "insert slot programming" display. High score program display (highest score so far). The points and initials of the player, including the next 10 point numbers, appear. The values are used to set the high score, which was selected on the previous display (set to "back"). By pressing the "up" button, the initials QIX Standard are set. By pressing the "test" button, the next program display appears. The "total summary". By pressing the "up" button, it can be set to 0. The following values are recorded: Total credit: The number of paid credits. The total number cannot be set to 0. If 1,000,000 is reached, the count starts over. The total number can only appear on 0 if the battery or the W1 connector is removed, with the device turned off. Left coin: The number of coins inserted in the left coin slot. Middle coin: (not available) Right coin: The number of coins inserted in the right coin slot. Credits paid: The number of credits given for coins inserted (reversed coins). Credits granted: The number of credits given by the device. % Free spins: Credits granted (paid + granted credits per 100) Played minutes: The number of minutes played. Extended or won minutes: The number of minutes extended or won. % Free time: Won minutes/played minutes per 100. Average game duration in sec.: Played minutes/paid + granted credits.
High Score (Hit Rate): The number of times a player has had a high enough hit rate to displace other players from the high score list. The values are reset to 0 by pressing the "Up" button. Pressing the "Test" button brings up the next program display.
Coin slot programming/normal coin setting. This display allows the operator to select a standard coin setting or program another setting.
If a default setting is provided, the programming is selected by pressing the "Up" and "Down" buttons while the top digit lights up in green on the screen. The size values change with the change in the digit. When the correct setting is reached by pressing the "Test" button, the setting is adopted. If a setting is desired that does not correspond to the default setting, the values can be set by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. After a single press, the top setting digit is set to 0, which means that a custom setting is possible. Since the lower values are unchanged, the programmer can reduce his setting efforts by selecting a setting that is close to his desired values and only changing the values that are not appropriate. Once the setting is made, any new setting to be made can be selected by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. Unwanted pressing results in the standard setting appearing. The "Up" and "Down" buttons can be used to increase or decrease the values. The "Test" button ends the process. The coin multiplier ("coin unit") indicates how many coin units are given for each coin inserted through an assigned slot. "Coin units" - "credit" indicates the number of units required before a credit is issued. "Bonus" coin units indicates the number of units required before a bonus credit is issued. "Min.-coin" is a value that accumulates credits until a specified minimum amount of coins is reached. In the default setting, this value is not used. CMOS MEMORY FAILURE
If "Memory Failure - Service Required" appears on the display, the CMOS RAM, in which all programming is stored, has failed. All values stored in the RAM are reset to the factory default settings. This condition probably indicates battery failure or malfunction.
ERROR CHECKING and SETTINGS
Start the testing method. Press the "Sub-Test" switch or the "Self-Test" button (SW 1 near the LED display). All LEDs should light up and the hardware test can begin. The tests and settings can be entered according to the respective program display. Pressing the "Test" button will display the next program. If a continuous video board test is desired, the "Self-Test" button must be pressed twice so that the video test begins in the auto test mode. With this program, the device will perform the hardware test continuously until it is turned off. If the display shows "Open Coin Door to Test", the program plug J 19, 1 - 2 must be inserted. With the J 19 plug pulled out, the memory is protected and the CMOS RAM video test cannot be performed. Hardware tests: These tests are performed as follows: O = off / I = on / X = test results
The ROM checksum calculates the checksum of each video ROM and compares it with the checksum stored for that ROM. If there is a difference, the device stops and the value of the ROM with the incorrect checksum appears on the LEDs. If the checksum ROM is faulty, U 10 is displayed first. If this test is not successful, the next ROM displayed on the LED display must be replaced. The E-PROM memory in a given game can be introduced as a bank (series) of either 2716 or 2732 E-PROMs. The E-PROM type for each series is selected by the decoding plug (26-00002-016 for 2716 or 26-00002-032 for 2732). Communications RAM from the video board
The Communications RAM test determines the functional reliability of the memory that is shared by two processors by storing predetermined series of numbers in the RAM and then checking whether the storage was correct. LED value: 00 0010 If the Gerät with the above display holds, an error has been detected. If the Communications RAMs fail during the video board test, the error may have been caused by a faulty wiring (RAM) or faults in the data board. To localize the error, remove the data board from P 6 and repeat the test. A failure means: faults in U 3, U 4 or associated power circuits.
Video Board CMOS RAM
After values have been written to another part of the memory, the CMOS RAM is tested in the same way as the communication RAM. If the test is passed, all memory locations are set to their previous value. LED value: 00 0011 If the device is holding the above display, an error is present. In this case, check U85 and U86 and the associated circuits or decoding.
Check the video board color RAM by storing predetermined number sequences in the color RAM. These number sequences will be checked for correctness when read back. LED value: 00 0100. If this value is displayed, an error exists. Check U56, U57, and the multiplexers and decoders connected thereto.
Video Board (Display RAM). The display RAM is tested by writing a pattern on each side. The results of these writes are compared to the original pattern. Any discrepancies cause the program to halt and the LEDs indicate the faulty RAM. If a display RAM fails, identify the problem and replace the RAM. If this fault diagnosis does not indicate a RAM failure (00 0101 on LEDs), it indicates that the next test is being started (Data Hardware). The connection to the data processor must be present and functional.
Unfortunately disappointing
The jacket arrived after 2 days with AMAZON logistics. This is also the reason for star number 1. The second star is for the fact that the correct jacket arrived without any noticeable seam defects. BUT I was probably too excited about this jacket, because the disappointment was all the greater. I had oriented myself on the other reviews and ordered the jacket in L. Since it is supposed to fit so tightly and I didn't want to fight with an S or M in my upper body... In the end, it would have fit in terms of length and at the waist... the rest was too loose. In addition, the lining material was already distributed everywhere when the package was opened. Simply a shame... It will be sent back: /
Fast delivery and good processing
The jacket looks great. We were surprised by the good workmanship. You can wear it on both sides. We ordered it for our daughter, and she is thrilled. She usually wears a size 158, and the 36 fits her perfectly in this case. It will probably still be worn next year too. We can recommend an order.
Robust quality
I decided on the rubber pad c because I always work with wood on the car jack and that is not optimal. Unfortunately, I misjudged and the pad does not fit perfectly. But that was my mistake. I then made a slight change so that it fits. The pad looks very robust and you no longer damage the edges. You can use the groove or the entire surface. It worked without any problems. It no longer slips. I would buy it again immediately.
Unfortunately too big for under 1 year
The product itself is quite okay, but not for under a year. The chewing surface is just too big for the little mouth. We got it when our son was 7 months old and he couldn't use it because of its size. Now at 12 months old, we have looked for it again and he can use it. He also hasn't been able to bite anything with his few existing teeth. And if it was in the fridge, it would calm him down a lot.
Quality not sufficient / Unfortunately going down
I was blinded by the sometimes exaggerated reviews. I would like to preface this by saying that I already have two Lowepro backpacks in use. One is a very large one for storing equipment and the other is a rather small one for the most important everyday items that you might want to take with you. Since I recently bought the Sigma 70-200 2.8, the small Lowepro backpack is now too small for me and I need a replacement. I bought this backpack during Prime Day for a really affordable price (just under 29 EUR) and was actually very happy about this purchase, having read many of the reviews beforehand. When the backpack arrived yesterday, however, disappointment set in: The backpack is not bad for under 30 EUR, that much is true. But that it can keep up with the well-known products, which are sold at much higher prices, as many reviews claim... Well, that's simply not true! I had really hoped that this was the case, but there can be no talk of that. The padded walls are much thinner and do not offer the same protection as my Lowepro. The dividers inside are of a different caliber, much flimsier. Overall, the feel of this backpack cannot be compared to my Lowepro. The zippers for traveling and the materials of the pockets for small items are not particularly high quality either. Therefore, I have decided that the backpack will be returned. If I were to purchase equipment worth many thousands of EUR, then I would have to pay for a decent backpack as well. It seems that quality does indeed have its price. For someone who does not want to spend much money, this backpack is probably a good choice. However, it is not for me. And it is not that I found the decision difficult. After I unpacked the backpack, I knew after two minutes that it would be returned. What I did like was the color inside. Here, you will find your things much faster than with a gray interior. For someone who has different requirements for a backpack, this backpack is probably a great thing. However, mine is going back.
Unfortunately disappointed by the third part
So far, the E. L. Todd electricity series had been my favorite, but my opinion changed with this book. I found the first two books very strong and recommendable and was really looking forward to the third part. In the third part, the whole story revolves around Volt and Taylor's feelings, and I found it unnecessary to drag it out. Taylor has been swooning over Volt for so long, finally confesses everything to him, and then acts like a child every time they argue and runs away?! At the same time, there were inconsistencies in my opinion, because at the end of the second part, Volt still tried to convince Taylor's ex and didn't believe him when he said that Taylor would stand by him and tried to convince the ex that Taylor couldn't do without him and that he had heard it himself. But at the beginning of the third part, Volt seems to have forgotten all of that and is fighting for Taylor. I had hoped that this would be the last part of the series and think that this part is the weakest and also quite unnecessary. I will still read the fourth part and hope that it finally comes out that Taylor's girlfriend Sarah is Volt's ex. This would bring more excitement to the story.
Man destroys everything, does not know how to appreciate anything and does not learn to do so! First of all: the film is not as bad as many people write. Of course, the story is totally contrived and conceived according to the same pattern F. If you have seen the beginning, you know how the end is. And the message is always the same: man destroys everything, does not know how to appreciate anything and does not learn to do so! And that is exactly what the film wants to tell us! How many times have I thought during the film (and even though I know it is just a film and the animals come from the computer): oh my God, the poor animals, often tears come to my eyes just thinking about them. Therefore, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is really well made. It is just a shame that people do not understand the message behind the film, even though it is a mainstream film. We consistently destroy the animals and the environment and ultimately our planet and ourselves. Out of greed and stupidity and arrogance! No empathy for the environment and living beings: none to be seen. 4 stars, because the film is well made, but unfortunately always according to the same principle, otherwise 5 stars would have been included. Nevertheless, well made popcorn cinema.
a quiet, sensitive film
Some people expect an 8 Mile-style film here. This film is not a Hollywood blockbuster and does not want to be one. This film is above all "French" - it is also quiet, sensitive, empathetic, authentic and makes you cry - if you let yourself be drawn in and do not expect anything from it that it does not want to be.
Problematic
Taste like Quench from the 90s, about the orange, but that doesn't matter either. 5 days every morning a pack: nothing has changed, but absolutely nothing. My waist circumference has grown by 12 cm! Bloating like never before! After that, diarrhea 5-8 times a day. Not very helpful, unfortunately, despite immediately stopping, the diarrhea has been there for 1 week now. It should be noted that only 2 stars were given for the smaller package size (unfortunately only noticed too late), but for the larger package, full 5 stars? That's very, very strange!
Terrible smell and poor result! I dyed my blonde hair into a chocolate brown with an intensive dye in October, and in February/March I used this hair color remover. I used the product twice. The first time I immediately noticed that it stinks terribly! However, there was still not a bad result, it came out as a sort of chestnut brown (a bit darker). Since I did not achieve my desired result, I used it once more, as the instructions also suggest for unsatisfactory results. This time it was a complete waste of time! It made no difference, my hair looked the same as the first time. What was even worse, it still smelled weeks after use... No matter how often I washed my hair, the smell just wouldn't go away.
Highly Recommended
I have been taking the tablets for a longer period of time and always one tablet every 5 days. My vitamin balance has been in the basement for a longer period of time due to my job, not enough exercise and an additional long-term illness. I wanted to help my immune system not only through healthy nutrition but also through the intake of vitamin D3 and K2. This works very well. I feel fitter and much better. I sleep better and wake up better. The price is also great because you also have to consider how long you can take the tablets. Absolutely recommended.
Function not entirely flawless!!! After using the battery case for 3 months, I have discovered the following major flaws which I find very annoying: 1) The case has problems connecting to the phone over time. This means that charging stops even though the "Power On/Off" button has been pressed for 3 seconds. When the phone is removed from the case and re-inserted, the problem is solved in 70% of cases, but this creates a new flaw. 2) Frequent removal and re-insertion of the phone into the case has caused the cover to wear out to the point that it detaches from the case on its own, which is why I have almost lost it several times. These are not many major flaws, but I think that a case with a battery should function perfectly in terms of its function, and therefore I am very disappointed with the product, especially since I have only been using it for 3 months, and for the cost of 30€.
Viei is too expensive, too thin and disappointing
I don't know how all these good reviews came about. In the end, it's actually just a glass cleaning cloth that you get as a gift in a slightly smaller size from any optician. The cleaning effect is as good as a kitchen towel and not better. I expected a lot more from these cloths. It's also very thin. Unfortunately, I can't exchange it anymore since I've used it. I'm disappointed and can't recommend it from my side. The price for these cloths is far too high. More than 2 euros should not be given.
I doubt the frequency response
I bought this speaker for the shower when my smaller free speaker, which I received as a promotional gift, unfortunately broke. Overall, the Onforu works great, is waterproof (I accidentally dropped it into the shower), gives bass like bass, Bluetooth works great... The suction cup must be moistened, otherwise it will detach... it can play very loudly... what I see critically is the frequency response of this small speaker. As I said, bass is reproduced as bass and not converted into a higher frequency. However, this causes a problem. Some frequencies are reproduced very loudly, while others remain very quiet. While some frequencies of the singing are almost painful in the ears, higher and lower frequencies are just good enough to be audible. My old speaker did not reproduce bass very well, but the frequencies were represented in volume quite naturally. With the Onforu, this is unfortunately not really the case, which I find a bit annoying. Therefore, I have to take off one star. I expected more from the frequency response.
very bad
In a few places the color was flaked off and if you just walked over it with your hand the color would come off in some places too. We wanted to have them picked up for free because we didn't want them anymore, but unfortunately only at our expense. They would only replace the damaged parts but as if both the cabinet was damaged. Poor service from the manufacturer Amazon has taken care of everything for us and refunded us the money. A LOB to Amazon
Rather spend a little more money
The price is relatively low, which is noticeable in the quality. The product is delivered as individual parts that need to be glued together oneself. The product was packaged in a simple envelope made of thin cardboard. There was no additional protection. Since the postman stuffed the product right into my mailbox, a few templates were damaged. I did not complain, as I urgently needed this product. The glue that was included barely holds, but sticks well - like chewing gum that does not harden. Already one day after gluing, almost half of the templates had fallen off the wooden sticks. Since the adhesive does not dry out (at least it was still not dry five days after gluing), one must be very careful not to glue everything together. The templates are partially incomplete. For one-time use and as a gag for a party, it's okay, but for a wedding, I would invest more money and opt for a high-quality product.
I am not dissatisfied. The cabinet looks good and is easy to assemble, even if the instructions are not very clear. + Magnetic lock + nice appearance + stable when assembled + shelf can be positioned as desired
- Doors slamming due to magnets (this can perhaps be compensated with rubber bumpers) - some unsightly spots
- the supplied dowels are much too small and wobbly (had none others and there was no trophy in the house, so I glued them in place with craft glue) - the brackets for the shelf wobble a bit (I wrapped them in paper and leveled them) Conclusion: If it didn't look so good and had such good measurements, I would give fewer stars, as you have to make everything fit to be really satisfied. I also find it a bit too expensive for that.
The coffee tastes good...but
...there are only 3 stars. The taste is subjectively good, but in my opinion the original capsules are better (but also significantly more expensive). In this regard, I would have given 5*. Unfortunately, the coffee does not run through evenly (if at all!). The additional plastic waste (individually packaged as shown in the photo) also means a star deduction for me. I hope the manufacturer will change this and soon receive a full score.
Set the alarm for me
The alarm clock came quickly and everything is easy to set up. But: the natural sounds sound terrible, and are also extremely loud. I couldn't make them any quieter. It's probably a defect, but they claim it's possible. The quietest radio setting was also too loud for me, so I would immediately fall out of bed. In addition, the darkest display setting is so bright that I could cast shadows on the wall with my hand. I always woke up when I turned my face towards the alarm clock, because I thought it was already tomorrow. But when it actually was time, and the sunrise simulation began, it was suddenly too bright for me. I liked the colors and the color change, but unfortunately, you can't dim the colored light. I also liked that it had a battery, so that if there is a power outage, the clock and the wake-up time don't have to be re-entered. But I returned it for the reasons mentioned above.
Light is great, processing is insufficient
I replaced four light bulbs in the house with these lamps. Unfortunately, I could only replace four, because the other two were delivered without a socket - instead, a circuit board is laughing at me at this point... There was also nothing in the box. "Buy 6, get 4 free" is not a good deal. Amazon would certainly have resolved this kindly and quickly, but I only found out after the return deadline. So, I see this as my mistake and I live with it. However, this is not a good indication of the quality of these light bulbs - it is the only reason for two stars being deducted so far. The light itself is super. The rooms are now very brightly and evenly lit. The light color is more in the direction of cool white. Perfect for hallways, offices, workshops, laundry rooms, etc. For living rooms, I personally would opt for warmer light. Comparable to a good old 100 watt bulb. Other lamps may also be able to do this, and I may receive intact lamps according to the order. If my review is helpful, I would be happy about a positive rating. I try to answer questions quickly.
Tolle
I have received gestures and I would like to share my first impression. Yes, it is positive. I have been hesitating for a long time whether to order this set or not. **The material is stable and it feels good in the hand.** The utensils all have a hole at the handle to be able to hang them up. **The soft silicone does not scratch expensive cookware and pots and is especially practical to use on pans with a coating.** They are heat-resistant and can be used up to 440 ℉. **They also do not transfer heat and can therefore be touched directly.** The dishwasher leaves water stains on the black silicone sometimes, but they disappear quickly after wiping. In the end, I must say that I am very surprised and I can only recommend it.
Selling a B-grade product as new
Amazon Prime shipping is just great. Delivery within 24 hours. Then the shock, unpacking the faucet and checking all the parts. We found that the part had already been installed before. We had to note significant scratches and scrapes on all the mounting parts. The screw connections/hose connections were all damaged. Nevertheless, we installed the part in the sink (unfortunately). Only now did we see that the chrome-plated faucet itself also had scratches/streaks. This part had probably already been delivered and then returned. We are keeping this faucet and installing it in the sink in the basement because it doesn't matter how it looks. Our conclusion: we will never order such goods over Amazon again, but instead will spend a little more at the hardware store where we get decent goods. We find it just sad that customers are being cheated like this!
The product itself is top, but the external sensor unfortunately broke after just 6 months
In principle, I am very satisfied with this product. The installation went very smoothly, and the radio range is also very good, with no problems whatsoever with the transmission from the inside to the outside. I also find the design of the device attractive. It is kept very simple and can be mounted on the wall or placed like a small picture frame. The only annoying thing is that after about half a year of use, the device that measures the values outside seems to be broken. The thermometer still seems intact, however, and still displays plausible values. The hygrometer, on the other hand, is probably broken, as it always displays completely astronomical values for the outside air humidity. This is very unfortunate, as the device was mounted outside in a protected place, and this is also the reason why I am giving this product only two stars.
Strong mower with weak catcher
Apart from the fact that the first delivery attempt is still merrily driving around the Republic with Hermes, without finding its way to me or back to Amazon, the service from Amazon with the triggering of a replacement delivery was as always excellent. The lawnmower arrived quickly and made a good impression. The motor is strong and the cut is beautiful. The noise level is not particularly low, but it is ok. The big downside is unfortunately the grass catcher. Firstly, it is made of hard plastic only at the top and bottom, with fabric in between. If you just set it down for a short time when it is full, it will of course be compressed and parts of the contents will fall out. Worse, however, is that the actually practical fullness indicator shows red as soon as the grass catcher is half full. This would not be so bad if the lawnmower did not then start losing large parts of the cut grass. Emptying the grass catcher every time it is only half full on a large lawn area is not the solution. Therefore, I cleaned the device as well as possible and sent it back. Conclusion: Overall, it is a very good lawnmower, but the unfortunate construction of the grass catcher makes it unusable for me.
Good device for monitoring
I have two of these devices. The device can be easily integrated via the app. The supplied, detachable sensor cable is very good and can also be extended if needed. The device is solidly built. Room temperature and humidity are displayed, but to save battery life, they are only displayed once to three times a day (adjustable) in the app. For the following reasons, I am giving only 4 stars. - The soft back of the device, which also closes the battery compartment, can only be closed again quite awkwardly. - One of the two devices is in a room with quite thick walls. This device loses connection to the network every 1 to 2 weeks. Unfortunately, the device does not reconnect on its own, even if you put it near the router. You have to remove the batteries and put them back in after a short pause, then it reconnects again. This should work without removing the batteries. There is always an alarm when the connection is lost. - The alarm tone could be a bit louder.
3D Printer Prusa i3 DIY
I ordered this 3D printer because I wanted to use it for my own projects. Unfortunately, I have not been able to level the hotbed properly to this day. The right rear locking screw is completely tightened, but the hotbed is still too high there, and the screw on the right front is almost falling out, even though it is not tightened at all, even though the hotbed is still too low. The rods that hold the carriage are straight, as is the table. Maybe someone knows what to do about this, because it is impossible to print anything this way. For assembly: The assembly was quite problem-free. One could only show how to lay the cables, because otherwise one has to lay them again and again, which is very tiring. I have also already written to the support, but after a week of waiting, I still have not received an answer. Returning it is unfortunately no longer possible. I had expected a little more.
Robust and precise, I am pleasantly surprised
Unfortunately, my old measuring slide has given up the ghost after many years, so a new one had to be purchased. This one looks very robust and is just as precise after several test measurements. Two batteries are included, so it can be used straight away. The packaging of the slide is simple, but it fulfills its purpose. Otherwise, the slide leaves no wishes unfulfilled and has all the necessary measuring methods. I can only give it a full score and believe it will last at least as long as the old measuring slide. I would give it a clear buy recommendation and a good measuring instrument belongs in every household.
Disgusting, persistent odor
I bought the bracelet and did not wear it for the time being because it emitted a disgusting odor. To this day, the odor has not gone away, even though it was "aired out" constantly. Since it was no longer possible to return it, I disposed of it. I would not recommend buying it.
Okay for the price
The stars and balls on this necklace are a bit too big for my personal taste, which makes it look quite bulky. The larger balls are free to move, which I find quite nice. However, the necklace is overall very simply made, which is why I have already torn the clasp open twice. So far, I have been able to repair it each time, but I think that won't last long. But for the low price, you simply can't expect anything really high quality.
Very nice piece of jewelry
A beautifully crafted bracelet - and the simple clasp actually holds! You just have to pull the end through the mouth, it cannot come undone, amazing! I have rubbed it with some leather care, which makes it even softer and more comfortable. Just one thing: if you have something magnetic on your arm: the clasp is made of steel!
Unfortunately, it's junk! I was already disappointed after unpacking, because the small displays of the transmitters were all scratched, so I had the feeling that it was used goods. The base station was okay. Now to the function: it only connects after some fiddling... if you stick to the instructions, it doesn't work at all, only after I removed a battery from the base station and put it back in did the transmitters finally connect. Unfortunately, my joy about that didn't last long, because the connection was gone again after only an hour, and that even though the transmitters were next to the base station. The display of the three transmitters was also very different! All in all, it's not worth using for me! The thing went back! I would definitely advise against buying it, it only causes trouble!
Transport damage
Hello, I had this garden pump before, unfortunately after 3.5 years the thread of the internal shaft had rusted away. I bought it again only because I urgently needed it due to the current drought and I knew the suction and discharge connections would fit. I hope that the shaft on the previous pump had a production defect and that the new pump will last a bit longer. Unfortunately, the new pump had transport damage, the plastic housing was torn and the ventilation slots were broken. The box was also damaged from the outside, which is why I would recommend packing the pump a bit better in the future, rather than just using a thin-walled box. I kept the pump anyway, because as described above, I urgently needed the pump and the cracks in the plastic housing did not affect the pump's performance.
It could have been better thought out. Since I often have to deal with many different keys, I thought an organizer like this would be more convenient than carrying around a huge set of keys all the time. At first, everything went pretty well. However, the finish soon started to wear off and the screws had to be tightened again and again. It's nice that it works with a penny, but only a penny. I couldn't find a slotted screwdriver that wouldn't ruin the screw right away. Now for the most annoying part of the whole thing: attaching the keys. It's nice that you can adjust the screw to different sizes or lengths by changing the parts, but once you've screwed it all together, you need pliers to take it apart again. Attaching the keys is a patience, balance, and dexterity game in itself. Finally, on the third time of assembling it, the screw broke in the thread and the whole thing became unusable. Conclusion: If at all, only for the necessary keys once and never again. And for the price, you can buy a cheaper alternative.
Do not quite match the stated dimensions
Easy-to-use zippers, the material feels robust and all of this in a lightweight design. Since I have no comparison (my first organizer set), I will only be able to actually judge the product after the first use. Before that, I can already say that the height is lower than stated. At the moment, I still can't really imagine packing everything there for a three-week vacation, for example. If necessary, the really big parts can go directly into the suitcase - just like before. It should also be noted that 10 parts were delivered, not 8, as there were two smaller bags/tubes included in the round cosmetic bag. The processing is not of high quality, but I wanted to mention that anyway. The fact that the cosmetic bag has a different color tone and is made of a different material than the other bags doesn't bother me personally. I see the price-performance ratio as a trial price and that's okay.
So lala
So, I ordered it before Christmas and it worked until after Christmas. Now, when I wanted to use it again, it didn't work anymore. Battery? Changed. But it still doesn't work. So, I could have just thrown the money in the trash.
Care is always good! The application is simple, but you should be very careful with the brush to avoid damaging the needle. I could not hear any improvement in sound with my very high-quality turntable.
Long battery life
The headphones are wonderfully protected. Two black cables were included. The battery life is very long. The sound is definitely completely adequate. I liked that the headphones do not hurt even after wearing them for a long time and are therefore very comfortable. The ear cups are totally soft and pleasant to wear. The weight is also kept very low. I would recommend this product for purchase in this price range.
Nice dress
Very nice dress, which is very wearable for a variety of occasions. The price-performance ratio is spot on, especially since I also got it at a flash sale. It fits perfectly in my size, I am glad that I did not order it smaller (it was recommended). I just wish that the neckline was not so deep, and the sleeves could handle a bit more fabric (if you don't have quite as thin upper arms as the model in the picture). But overall, a nice dress for many occasions.
Keep your hands off it. It can't get any worse. I really and truly did not expect such junk to be sold today. The drive is being operated on a High End Asus ROG Strix Scar II Gaming Laptop. It is safe to assume that the USB ports provide sufficient power. Nevertheless, it is not possible to operate this drive without any issues. DVDs usually work, but Blu-rays are recognized at most unreliably. The discs have to be inserted multiple times, and then it makes the same noises as you would hear from old PCs and the very first CD-ROM drives from the 90s. After a few minutes, you can either restart the computer because it won't work anymore, or the disc is finally recognized. But in no case should you press pause, jump to a chapter, change the language during the movie, or even do anything at all. This will immediately lead to an unfixable freeze. On top of that, of course, no Blu-ray software is included. If you additionally buy PowerDVD or similar at a cost, the price of this drive doubles.
It does what it's supposed to do, but it's not pretty. First of all, I would like to point out that the two USB ports are actually a bit of a scam, because only the port that faces up is a USB port. The other plug is only there to charge some device and is therefore relatively useless. I didn't know this when I bought it, which is why I was a bit disappointed. I actually needed a second port and if I had just needed a plain extension, I definitely wouldn't have bought this awkward lump with gold plugs. But apart from the appearance and my misjudgment, the extension does its job very reliably. And because of the weight of the plug, the USB stick that's plugged in doesn't just dangle around aimlessly like it would with a regular extension cord. So it wasn't a real mistake, but my excitement is still within reasonable limits :-).
Small but mighty! I bought this product so that I could have an audio output and a display connection on my iPad (Pro). With iOS 12, you can now also push data back and forth. This works very well. Furthermore, the audio output was as expected. Other adapters that I had to send back were unfortunately unable to do this. The HDMI output is practical. I now have a PS4 controller via BT on the tablet and the HDMI on the TV. Charging at the same time is no problem. The sound is delivered via HDMI. What else do I need my PlayStation for? :P There was a small adapter included that can be attached to the tablet. This is supposed to provide stability and also has a magnetic holder. My case does not fit with the adapter. Well, it still holds securely and has contact, so... All in all, it is a bit expensive, but justified by the full range of functions. The adapter is also very small and made of stable aluminum. Price-performance ratio is good.
Lots of power
Top device. Runs without problems for months. It is not exactly light or quiet, but it delivers a lot of power. I find the middle temperature setting (Tp setting) to be a bit too cool, so I always use level 2. It has also fallen onto the tiled floor several times and survived just fine. I also like the simple design. Competitor products often look like spaceships.
Very good
The processing of the brush head left a very good impression, although the price difference compared to the original is very large, but it does not give a cheap impression. In use, the feeling of a high-quality process is confirmed. Overall, I found these brushes very good and can be recommended without reservation.
Great product with weak battery
We have had the tracker for about 6 months and are pleasantly surprised. In live mode, the tracking is accurate to within 0.5m. However, when the dog is in the house, it sometimes jumps a few meters, but this is not a problem. I would definitely buy it again. What would be great, however, is a battery that lasts longer. Currently, it lasts about 1.5 days. A solution that could last 7-14 days would be great. There is an XL version, but unfortunately, it is too big for our taste. The battery would not even have to last that long, and we find it impractical to have to change it every day. We should be spending time with our dog, not changing his collar:-). The app also worked perfectly.
After a few weeks of rubbish
We have already ordered the shoes in several sizes. They fit well and seem comfortable too. However, the lifespan is decreasing. Although my son only wears the shoes in PE, the soles are already falling apart after just a few weeks and the shoes can no longer be used. With the last pair, it was the same in normal use, that they did not last very long, but I thought it would be enough for PE. Unfortunately, this was not the case. The shoes are expensive rubbish and absolutely not recommended.
Fits perfectly - but original? My last pair of Crocs unfortunately broke after 5 years, so I happily ordered new ones. These ones are unfortunately poorly made at first glance. They are just as comfortable as the ones I had before. At first glance, there seems to be no difference, but upon closer inspection, one can see that the edges are poorly made and the heel strap sits quite loosely and will most likely not last five years like my previous ones did. I'm curious!
Surprisingly good
Since there are hardly any reviews to read yet, I was very skeptical at first. However, since I am going to a festival this year and would like to sleep in the car, I ordered them on a whim. The delivery included the mattress and a car air pump. As for the mattress: I tested it out in my Citroen Berlingo and noticed that there was some mold on one side. I wiped it away and hope that it doesn’t come back. After it was pumped up, I immediately conducted a lying test. It is very comfortable to lie on and fits perfectly for the festival. Of course, this mattress cannot replace your own bed, but for days at the event, it is pure luxury. The mattress fits perfectly in my car. We had previously removed the seats in the back. It fits perfectly. The air pump: The air pump has different adapters. The mattress requires two different adapters, which can also be found on the pump. The pump is plugged into the cigarette lighter of the car. However, the plug was defective (something to do with the soldering). My boyfriend is handy, so he was able to fix it and it worked again. The part worked great and pumped up the mattress in no time at all. Overall, I am very impressed with the mattress. I am looking forward to the hardness test at the festival. I hope that it does not lose air and lasts a long time. I also hope that the mold does not come back. After the test, I can already recommend it. If I have any other experiences, I will revise the review accordingly (if possible).
Definitely not worth more than 10€... Unfortunately, the calendar only gets two stars from me. :( 1. For the fast shipping. 2. For the idea of the toy. Unfortunately, the calendar is torn through the cheap processing directly on day 1 through several doors. On door 21, there were no more doors left and I had to more or less allow my son to take out the remaining parts as they had already come off. The parts often come out in a jumbled mess, which often means that you have to take the car apart again to put the parts back in. After the car is completely built, parts fall off during play (mostly the windshield. This is also very difficult to put back on.) In general, I would not buy this calendar again and would not recommend it to anyone else. Maybe the manufacturers will reconsider the way they designed the calendar for the next edition and make it better. :\
a real drone
I am delighted with the drone. My 7 year old daughter flies it. It flies very well indoors and the 5 minute flight time is usually more than enough. I didn't expect hair to get caught in it and for the drone to break so quickly, but I didn't expect that at this price. Falls from the ceiling to the floor, whether it's tiles or carpet, are no problem. If you have any questions, the contact is friendly.
Game is ok but only playable with forced Steam. I did not notice when buying that it is not a game CD but only a code that can be used to download the game. That would be fine if it weren't for the fact that you are forced to install Steam in order to play the game at all, which is an outrage. Since then, the computer has been constantly crashing, which would not be the case with a pure installation of the game.
Unfortunately, it fails due to the battery runtime
I had been looking forward to the watch. The design and appearance are great, messages etc. are displayed without any problems. The operation works well... and yet I am sending it back. The big catch: the battery and its runtime. Charged in the evening, just laid on the shelf overnight and in the morning 11% less battery life when not in use. If many messages come in during the day, the battery is already dead by noon/early afternoon and then you can't even read the time anymore. Therefore, not useful for me. Very unfortunate.
Noble shell with limitations
For the sleazy Samsung Galaxy S10+, it is definitely worth getting a case. Recently, I have been liking cases that can also hold a credit card. This case offers that. If you put cards in all three compartments, it will be too much and the lid will stick up a bit. One is enough for me. The leather case gives a robust impression and seems to be well made. It looks elegant. The phone is embedded around the edges of the case, except for the ports, which have cutouts. Otherwise, you can easily operate the power button and volume control on the sides through the case. The downside is that it is not possible to charge the phone on some QI chargers due to the thickness of the case. Even on the leather QI charging station from TORRO, it does not work. Therefore, you can only charge accessories such as the Galaxy Buds when the case is off. Otherwise, it looks really nice and is well made!
High-quality case with bulletproof glass film
The robust case with a real bulletproof glass as a screen protector in a classic design offers all-round protection for the entire iPhone 11. It fits very well and can also be put on easily. The material is pleasant to hold and does not get dirty. A really successful and beautiful product with a very good price-performance ratio. This case gives the phone some stability. It is not too bulky and fits firmly on the phone. Overall, a good purchase.
