Diego Cocca will become the new national coach of Mexico
In the summer of 2026, Mexico will host the World Cup together with the USA and Canada, with a record 48 teams participating. Cocca will succeed Gerardo Martino, whose contract was not renewed after the early exit from the World Cup in Qatar. The 50-year-old was not one of the favourites for the position until just a few days ago. He had only taken over as coach of the Mexican club Tigres in November. His surprising appointment as national coach caused anger within the club.
Geesthacht: New garden signs are intended to encourage replanting
Franko Stein (FD Umwelt, left) and Friedhelm Ringe (Nabu) put up the plant labels in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone.
The "Geesthacht blüht auf" (Geesthacht is blooming) campaign also includes information about what is currently blooming there - currently in the colours white and pink.
Geesthacht. "Geesthacht is blooming" is an action by the Nabu in cooperation with the city administration. With the participation of many volunteers from clubs, schools, kindergartens, companies and institutions, thousands of flower bulbs and plants have been planted since 2015. The goal: large areas of flowering islands should be created in the Geesthachter city area, where insects can find food at all times. "In favorable weather conditions, bees fly out in January to look for food," says Friedhelm Ringe from the Geesthachter Nabu. He himself has beehives on the property.
In order for this project not to remain just an action by nature conservationists and the city's environmental department, but to extend to private gardens, explanatory signs are being put up about the plants. There are now around 50 signs. Passers-by should be able to find out in this way what is currently blooming here. The hope is that amateur gardeners will plant these at home.
In the first week of January, the season had already started at Wildhasel
More recently, shrubs such as the Winterduftheckenkirsche and Winterschneeball have been planted in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone. They have been in the ground in the pots on Bergedorer Straße for a year now, and are now showing their first delicate white and pink flowers without leaves. They have recently been provided with additional signs. "The Winterduftheckenkirsche is a very broad-leaved shrub and can grow between two and three metres high and wide," it reads there, along with other information about the suitable location.
Friedhelm Ringe emphasizes that not only the garden plants are now showing flowers. In the first week of January, the wild hazel was already in season. It blooms particularly abundantly on the Richtweg at the incline, in Gutenbergstraße, Wilhelm-Holert-Straße, Fahrendofer Weg and many other places.
Ernestine is 102 years old: "The steppes keep me young"
Munich - Dance god Fred Astaire would surely be proud of her if he looked down from heaven onto Munich's Ostbahnhof!
Every Monday, in fact, three ladies meet at the "Mandolin Motion Show Academy" at 3 pm for a lively tap dance - together they are an incredible 277 years old, sorry, young!
The oldest of them is Ernestine Stauchner, who recently celebrated her 102nd birthday.
For the native Munich woman (born 15 January 1921) from Schwanthalerhöhe, Monday is the highlight of the week. "Dancing and stepping is my life, I can't imagine life without it."
With Ernestine, Eva-Maria Stolze (almost 97) and Elfriede Widmann (79) are also swinging their dance legs.
The 97-year-old was born in Jena (Thüringen) in 1926. She was a soubrette, today we would say a musical performer, and worked with the legendary Marika Rökk. "I have spent my life dancing, acting and singing".
At 79 years old, Elfriede Widmann is something of a baby in the group of steppers. She says: "We just have fun here with our dance teacher Sissy Engl".
Wikipedia: The tap dance was developed in the 19th century in the USA and is now known all over the world. With two metal plates, which are more durable than the wooden soles initially used, attached to the front and back of the shoes, rhythmic sounds are produced during the dance, which match the visual impression and the music. The dancer thus also becomes a percussion musician. The English term for this is tap dance and the French term is claquettes. The Spanish flamenco may have influenced the tap dance. The tips of the shoes are then nailed so that they produce a clearly audible sound during the dance.
The 77-year-old Sissi Engl is the heart and soul of the dance studio at Ostbahnhof. She is an actress, dancer and choreographer. "We are one big family, where young and old are welcome".
And what is the recipe for such a long life? "Movement keeps me young," says the 102-year-old to BILD. Her advice to everyone: "Sport, healthy eating and no alcohol."
Analog in the dialogue - The limits of the digital
With the progress of digitalisation, many people are rediscovering the joys of analogue media
The speed with which our everyday life became digital left us hardly any time to establish rules for dealing with it and to adapt our communication and working methods to it, says DNN columnist Claudia Muntschick.
Dresden. If you wanted to make a phone call in Bautzen in 1985, there were three possibilities. Either you were one of the six percent of the lucky ones who had a private connection. Or you were one of those who had someone from this exclusive group in the neighborhood and could call your relatives there for a bottle of Radeberger. Or you looked for a telephone booth. The smell of the plastic headset and the sound of the coins in the machine are unforgettable. My biggest dream was to be able to see the other person's face when I called - video telephony, I thought, what a great thing that would be!
How to proceed in Moldova? 14 days for a new government
In Moldova, the President Maia Sandu has tasked the former Interior Minister Dorin Recean with forming a government.
The 48-year-old economic expert now has 14 days to do so. Until now, Recean was one of the President's advisors.
After only a year and a half in office, Prime Minister Natalia Gavrilita resigned unexpectedly. The pro-European head of government was under massive pressure, as she herself announced as an explanation for her resignation - apparently she was opposed by pro-Russian forces.
The President thanked Gavrilita for her "enormous sacrifice".
Moldova is a neighboring country of Ukraine and is suffering from the economic consequences of the war. Inflation is over 40 percent and the small republic has taken in tens of thousands of refugees from Ukraine.
In the parliament in Chisinau, the pro-European party PAS (Party of Action and Solidarity), founded by President Sandu, has a comfortable majority, as it occupies 63 of the 101 seats. The confirmation of the new head of government and his cabinet should therefore not pose a problem.
However, in recent months, pro-European politicians in Moldova have lost popularity, while pro-Russian politicians - with support from the Kremlin - have become more popular.
These were the costumes of the celebrities
In 2023, Veitshöchheim will celebrate properly again. The 5th season is in full swing and the celebrities were not hard to convince.
The father of the state, Markus Söder, did not appear as Moses, as his costume might suggest. He sees himself more as the tribal elder of Bavaria. His wife, Karin Baumüller-Söder, was by his side.
Thorsten Glauber, Bavaria's Minister for the Environment and Consumer Protection, has chosen the children's hero Chase from Paw Patrol for his costume.
From the depths of the sea to Franconia came Minister of Justice Georg Eisenreich with his wife Anja.
Completely out of this world: Minister for Science and Art, Markus Blume, is heading into space.
Ilse Aigner, President of the State Parliament, chose none other than "Mama Bavaria" as her costume role model.
In peace and love mode: Bavaria's Health Minister Klaus Holetschek with his wife Birgit.
Bob the Builder, aka Bauminister Christian Bernreiter, with his wife Ann-Kathrin Jandt-Bernreiter as Wendy.
Bavaria's golden boy: Finance Minister Albert Füracker with his wife Evelyne. She wore silver.
He even plays the sheriff at carnival: Bavaria's Minister of the Interior Joachim Herrmann, with his wife Gerswid at his side.
On the town: Economics Minister Hubert Aiwanger pays tribute to the crafts with his costume. His partner, Tanja Schweiger, district administrator of the district of Regensburg, does the same.
The political opposition could of course not be missing.
Everything for Bavaria: Green party leader Katharina Schulze as Bavaria and her co-leader Ludwig Hartmann as the Bavarian lion.
The SPD faction leader enjoys hiking: Florian von Brunn with SPD state chairman Ronja Endres.
Royal it was for FDP parliamentary group leader Martin Hagen. He and his wife Anisha came as Harry and Meghan.
Otherwise he would certainly speak more. In Veitshöchheim, the chairman of the parliamentary group in the EU, Manfred Weber, was on the road as a pantomime. At his side was Mrs. Andrea.
If politics no longer work out, he can always do magic. Nuremberg's mayor Marcus König as Harry Potter and his wife Anke as Hermione.
Quick as a bee on the move: Bavaria's Digital Minister Judith Gerlach.
Back to the 1920s: the legal director of the BR, Eva Majuntke, the BR director Katja Wildermuth and the BR cultural program director Björn Wilhelm.
A little side-swipe at climate activists from the Franconian Tatort detective Sebastian Fleischer, played by Alexander Leopold Schadt.
The First Mayor of Veitshöchheim could of course not be missing. Jürgen Götz and his wife Julia.
Oberhof: Kühn eighth in the World Cup sprint
Bö continued his impressive series despite difficult conditions and also won the sixth sprint race of the season. The five-time Olympic champion has now already collected 14 World Championship titles and is continuing to catch up with his compatriot Ole Einar Björndalen. The biathlon icon, who is a TV expert on site, is still the undisputed record champion with 20 World Championship gold medals. Even strong fog did not prevent the perennial winner Bö from collecting his second gold at the Rennsteig. On Wednesday, it had already been enough to successfully defend his title with Norway's mixed relay team.
Hardly anyone doubts that in the third race of the hunt, Bö will once again be the clear favourite. His form is outstanding, so he can compensate for shooting errors to a certain extent in a frighteningly simple way.
Meanwhile, Doll was not having any luck. After the veteran had thrown away all chances of a medal in the mixed relay with a penalty lap and had only managed sixth place, things did not go any better three days later. Three penalty laps in the prone position and two more standing were a great disappointment for the oldest member of the German team, who had celebrated the greatest success of his career in this discipline in 2017.
In Hochfilzen, six years ago, he won surprisingly with a 0.7 second lead over Bö. It was one of only three career successes for Doll, who has so far stood on the podium once this winter. The eighth-place finisher at the Beijing Olympics left after his poor performance without saying a word and initially gave no interviews. Roman Rees came in 19th place, the second World Championship debutant David Zobel came in 35th.
Biden receives Lula: "We must stand up for democracy"
At a meeting between US President Joe Biden and his counterpart from Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, the focus is primarily on the value of democracy. Both look back on their predecessors.
US President Joe Biden insisted on the preservation of democratic values during a visit to his Brazilian counterpart Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
"The strong democracy of our two nations has been put to the test," said Biden on Friday at the White House in Washington. "We must continue to stand up for democracy, for the democratic values that are at the core of our strength." Lula replied with a view to his right-wing predecessor Jair Bolsonaro: "Brazil has isolated itself for four years".
The left-wing politician Lula had prevailed against Bolsonaro in a run-off election at the end of October. Lula took office on January 1. The change of power was accompanied by violent riots. Bolsonaro's supporters had stormed the Congress, the Supreme Court and the government headquarters in the capital Brasília in January. The outbreak of violence in Brazil is a grim reminder of the storming of the US Capitol just over two years ago, when supporters of the then President Donald Trump violently broke into the parliament in Washington.
Lula criticized Bolsonaro openly at the meeting with Biden. His predecessor did not care much about international relations. "His world began and ended with fake news, morning, noon and night," said Lula. "It sounds familiar to me," Biden replied - an obvious reference to his predecessor Trump.
Short note about the press - Der Freitag
Does anyone still remember the RAF wanted posters? They showed the members of the Red Army Fraction who were released for denunciation and execution.
In a country with a culture of denunciation, which existed before Corona, public opinion was thus created against the most dangerous opponents of the Federal Republic; let's say of bourgeois democracy, let's say of late capitalist society. (Here nothing about the really dangerous ones in striped suits and ties.)
Now the Stuttgarter Zeitung, which is usually more interested in Raudis on the S-Bahn or onanists in the park, is publishing a new edition with Putin's friends, the "war criminals". Because they are so beautiful, there is a picture gallery. Of course, the StZ is poorly informed, because there are more "Russian friends" in this world, which includes Asia, Africa and Latin America, than the StZ has space for pictures.
But that's not the point, but rather: Mrs Wagenknecht is in 1st to 5th place (!), followed by Mrs Schwarzer.
Well, I don't know anyone in my environment who reads this paper anymore. If so, it's high time now. We have reached the well-known level where there is nothing below it.
And at the latest now, in a good dialectical way, Mrs Wagenknecht should be the most popular politician of all those who are not yet completely brainwashed, i.e. peace-loving, pacifist and anti-militarist people. (And here no differentiation is necessary anymore.)
Harald Glööckler files for divorce from his husband Dieter Schroth
Designer Harald Glööckler (57) and his partner Dieter Schroth (74) have separated. This was confirmed by Glööckler's lawyer Christian-Oliver Moser to the "Bild" newspaper and RTL in the same wording. It says: "I can confirm that my client has filed an application for the dissolution of his civil partnership with his family lawyer at the relevant court. I am not commenting on the details".
Glööckler and his life partner Schroth were together for 35 years, rumors of a separation have been circulating for about a year. After his participation in the jungle camp, the fashion designer is said to have already moved from their shared house in the Palatinate to Berlin, according to various media reports. He also spoke about marriage problems on the RTL show.
SS massacre in Oradour-sur-Glane: Last survivor dead
In the destroyed village northwest of Limoges, whose ruins have been preserved, a memorial center was established in 1999. France's President Emmanuel Macron had honored Hébras with the national Order of Merit a year ago. Hébras had fought for freedom and defended the values of France, said Macron. In addition, he had contributed to Franco-German peace. The survivor had, among other things, worked for Franco-German youth exchanges.
One street for 14 houses: In Homeien everyone knows everyone
LZ series North Lippe villages: In Homeien, it is not uncommon for three or four generations to live under one roof. Here, the residents find pure idyll. In the summer, up to 300 motorcycles per day race along the winding road between Niedermeien and Hillentrup - and some of them even turn around and go back again.
Deutsche Bank CEO Christian Sewing considers further interest rate hikes to be "absolutely" necessary in the fight against the high rate of inflation. "The inflationary risks are still high. The cost of energy can easily rise again, and the opening up of China could also give prices a temporary boost," Sewing told the "Welt am Sonntag".
The European Central Bank (ECB) raised interest rates in the euro area for the fifth time in a row at the beginning of February and announced another increase of 0.5 percentage points for the meeting on 16 March. The base interest rate in the euro area is now at 3.0 percent. The deposit rate, which commercial banks receive when they park money with the ECB, is 2.5 percent.
Higher interest rates make loans more expensive. This can slow down demand and thus counteract high inflation rates. Higher interest rates can also lead to investments being postponed and thus result in weaker economic growth.
Rising interest rates are also a burden for highly indebted Eurozone countries such as Italy. "The consequences of a permanently high inflation are much more serious than the higher financing costs for some countries," said Sewing. "Of course, we have to keep an eye on this, but a high level of debt must not prevent the ECB from acting consistently."
The ECB aims for price stability in the euro area at an inflation rate of two percent in the medium term. This target has been far from reach for months. In January, the price increase weakened again, but consumer prices in the currency area of the now 20 countries were still 8.5 percent above the level of the previous year's month.
Higher inflation rates erode the purchasing power of consumers, as they can then afford less for one euro. Strongly rising energy prices, which are a major driver of inflation, are also a burden for companies.
If inflation remains high, private consumption will "collapse sooner or later," warned Sewing, who is also president of the Association of German Banks (BdB). "I see that as the biggest danger for the German economy at the moment. But I am optimistic that we can avoid this scenario."
Bosch CEO Stefan Hartung hopes for a broad debate on the "Germany-speed" called for by Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) in infrastructure projects. "There will have to be a political and social dialogue about it. And it may also be a bit more controversial," he said to the Deutsche Presse-Agentur in Stuttgart. He hopes that in the end a set of rules will emerge, with which it does not necessarily have to go as fast as with the LNG terminals put into operation at the turn of the year - but also not as slowly as before.
In mid-December, after ten months of planning and construction, the first German terminal for the import of liquefied natural gas (LNG) was opened. The aim was to close the gap in gas supply due to the lack of Russian gas deliveries. Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) spoke of a new "German pace" on this occasion. In addition, the German government has recently initiated a speeding up of approval procedures for wind turbines and power lines.
"At first, it is very reassuring that the government acts so quickly when it comes to it. However, this should not automatically mean that we will always act so categorically from now on and, for example, put a wind turbine in our neighbor's garden against his will," said Hartung. There must therefore still be a negotiation process to determine what society considers right and wrong.
In the past, we tried to do it with the classic rules and failed. "We should think again about whether the previous approach was really the right one. Maybe we have overdone it with the rules and made it too complicated for ourselves."
In view of the many open tasks, for example, in the expansion of power lines, he does not envy the federal government and the companies involved, said Hartung. "As a consumer of these energies, I absolutely need the expansion and it should be as green as possible".
Trade union warns against the break-up of the Bayer Group
The IG BCE chemical workers' union has warned of a break-up of the Bayer group following the announced change of CEO. "From the employees' point of view, Bayer is exactly right with its three pillars to meet the challenges of the future," said Francesco Grioli, board member of the union and Bayer supervisory board member, to the "Rheinische Post" (Saturday edition).
This refers to the pharmaceutical business with prescription drugs, the Consumer Health sector with over-the-counter medicines and the agricultural business. "The transformation of the industry can only be managed with a corporate policy based on risk diversification and sustainability - and not on hedge fund activism".
The background to this is the change of CEO announced on Thursday at the pharmaceutical and agrochemical company. The controversial CEO Werner Baumann will vacate his post this summer. The former pharmaceuticals chief of the Swiss rival Roche, Bill Anderson, is set to take over at the beginning of June.
Baumann has been under criticism for a long time. The 2018 acquisition of the US seed producer Monsanto for $63 billion is still haunting the manager. With the purchase, the Leverkusen-based company got itself into expensive legal disputes over alleged cancer risks of the herbicide glyphosate. The Bayer share price has been in decline for years. In 2019, the shareholders even refused to grant the CEO discharge at the annual general meeting.
It had been known for some time that Baumann was not seeking an extension of his contract, which was actually due to run until 2024. Long-term oriented strategic investors had put pressure on him. More recently, several activist Anglo-Saxon investors such as Bluebell Capital have also become involved. According to a media report, Bluebell is pushing for the company to be split up.
The very small fund, with an unknown level of investment in Bayer, is known for its aggressive approach. A spin-off of "the Consumer Health division would be a possible way to increase the company's value," said Markus Manns, fund manager at Union Investment, to the "Rheinischen Post." A spin-off of the much larger Crop Science agricultural division, on the other hand, is not feasible in his opinion.
Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against pension reform
Paris
On Saturday, the French also want to take to the streets again against the planned pension reform.
The unions are putting up a united protest on the streets against a government project. Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate again against the pension reform on Saturday.
In France, hundreds of thousands of people are expected to demonstrate again on Saturday against the planned pension reform by President Emmanuel Macron. For the fourth time, the trade unions are mobilizing against the plans of the center-right government to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64. More than a million people have already taken to the streets twice, and there have been nationwide strikes. Last Tuesday, 750,000 participants were counted at protests. A heated debate on the controversial reform has been taking place in parliament for a week.
Already, many people in France work longer than until the age of 62, if they have not paid in long enough for a pension without deductions when they reach the retirement age. In many demanding professions, people could hardly work longer, say opponents of the reform. In addition, employees want to be able to enjoy their well-deserved retirement and not completely wear out their health at work.
Macron: Threatening deficit in pension fund
Macron justifies the reform with a looming deficit in the pension fund. Because the population is getting older, employees will have to pay for an increasing number of pensioners. In order to keep the level of pensions stable, the population will have to work a little longer. Critics doubt the government's calculations and demand that the state must find other sources of money to keep the pension system in balance.
But the government does not only want to make changes to the retirement age. The increase in the necessary contribution period for a full pension, which was already decided on years ago, is to be accelerated. In addition, individual pension systems with privileges for certain occupational groups are to be abolished. The minimum pension is to rise to around 1,200 euros.
The pension reform is considered one of the most important projects of President Macron. During the Corona pandemic, a first attempt to implement the reform was abandoned, even then there were massive protests and strikes. Many presidents before Macron tried to reform the French pension system with varying degrees of success - broad protests and strikes were certain.
Since Macron's camp no longer has an absolute majority in parliament, it hopes to push through the reform with the help of the conservative Républicains, who have announced their support. However, some of the deputies - even from Macron's own faction - still have reservations. And even greater than the fear of a close vote may be Macron's concern about paralyzing strikes at the moment. Before the renewed demonstrations on Saturday, the president said that he could count on the responsibility of the organizers to ensure that they proceeded peacefully and did not lead to a blockade of the country.
Quiet weather expected - lots of sun in high altitudes
A powerful high-pressure area is located over Central Europe and is determining the weather in Germany. Does that mean that there will be plenty of sunshine everywhere?
Offenbach
In Germany, calm high pressure weather is expected at least until the middle of the week. "When you look at the weather maps, a powerful high pressure area directly over Central Europe immediately catches the eye," explains meteorologist Markus Übel from the German Weather Service on Saturday in Offenbach. "Although this high pressure area shifts a little to the east in the course of the next week, it will continue to determine the weather in Germany."
However, calm high pressure weather in winter does not necessarily mean sunny weather, says Übel. "Such a high can be quite nasty and bring the people in the lowlands days of dreary fog, while in the highlands of the low mountain ranges there is pure sunshine".
Sunday starts off foggy and cloudy in most regions. According to the DWD, there may also be some rain from the Ore Mountains and the Thuringian Forest to Lower Bavaria. Especially on the edge of the Alps, but also in the southwest and parts of the west, the clouds will clear up during the day and the sun will come out more often. In the rest of the country, it will remain heavily overcast or covered in high fog. Temperatures will reach 4 to 9 degrees, with around 10 degrees near the Rhine.
"On Monday, the gradually strengthening sun will once again nibble away at the high fog and will be able to dissolve it more and more throughout the day," says the meteorologist. Full sun is expected on the edge of the Alps, in the highlands of the low mountain ranges and in parts of North Rhine-Westphalia, while elsewhere it will have to fight its way through the high fog. The highest temperatures will be between 5 and 9 degrees, 11 degrees are expected on the Lower Rhine, while only 3 degrees are expected in the permanent grey of the southeast. In addition, there will be weak winds from different directions.
On Tuesday, in some low-lying areas, there may be only slow clearing of fog or low cloud. Otherwise, after the fog has cleared, the weather will be sunny. In high areas, in large parts of NRW and on the edge of the Alps, the sun is expected to shine all day. Temperatures will climb to between 5 and 11 degrees, depending on the amount of sunshine.
Dominatorin laments: No World Championship medal for Goggia again
The beaten top favorite Sofia Goggia showed herself to be deeply disappointed after her elimination in the downhill at the Alpine Skiing World Championships.
Méribel
"I am sad because I didn't bring the performance that I am capable of," said the Italian in ZDF, after she had been involved in a goal and was eliminated. Nevertheless, the 30-year-old was able to prevent a potentially serious fall.
Goggia has been the dominant downhill skier in the World Cup for years. She has won four of the six season races in this discipline so far. After winning gold in 2018 in Pyeongchang, she won silver at the 2022 Olympic Winter Games in Beijing. However, Goggia, who is known for her risky driving style, still has to wait for a World Championship medal in her specialty. She missed her home game in Cortina d'Ampezzo two years ago due to injury.
"I actually thought I was doing well. It was about hundredths of a second," said Goggia after the surprising victory of Swiss skier Jasmine Flury in Méribel, France. "I am disappointed. I gave it my all. But that's life." Sometimes you believe things are guaranteed, she said about the medal that was expected by all experts but ultimately missed: "But they are not."
Girl missing in Berlin: Who has seen Viktoriya?
Viktoriya Stankovych has been missing since February 10.
Viktoriya Stankovych was last seen on Friday at the S-Bahn station in Waidmannslust. The police are asking for information about her whereabouts.
Berlin. With the publication of a photo, the Berlin police are asking the public for help in the search for a missing child. The 12-year-old Viktoriya Stankovych is said to have left the grounds of her school together with other children on February 10, 2023, at around 12:30 p.m. In the direction of the S-Bahnhof Waidmannslust. She was last seen there at the S-Bahnhof. The child has been a refugee in Berlin since April 2022 and has only very basic knowledge of the German language and the local area.
Description of the person: slim build
brown eyes
black, long hair with a ponytail
wearing a long black jacket; dark trousers; pink ankle boots and a multicoloured striped scarf
is carrying a backpack
The criminal police of Police Directorate 1 (North) can be contacted under the telephone number (030) 4664 - 171 100 or any other police station.
Selenskyj and ministers against Russia's participation in the Olympics
Kiev. With the demand for the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris, sports politicians from 35 nations have increased the pressure on the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
It was agreed at a joint telephone conference to draft a statement to prevent attempts to send athletes from Russia and Belarus back to international sports competitions, the Lithuanian Ministry of Sport announced on its website.
"We demand the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from all international competitions, including the Olympic Games, as long as the war in Ukraine continues," said Minister Jurgita Šiugždinienė.
The video conference took place at the initiative of Great Britain. It was a very productive meeting, British Sports Minister Lucy Frazer wrote on Twitter. "And I made it very clear what Great Britain's position is: As long as Putin continues his barbaric war, Russia and Belarus should not be represented at the Olympic Games. We will now issue a joint statement on this topic".
Previously, the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy had protested against the participation of athletes from Russia and Belarus in international competitions at an international video conference of sports ministers and other high-ranking representatives. "While Russia is killing and terrorizing, representatives of this terrorist state have no place in sports and Olympic competitions," said Zelenskyy. He published his speech on his Telegram channel. Ultimately, a neutral flag is also stained with blood due to the Russian war of aggression and is not acceptable.
Ukraine threatens with boycott
Ukraine also sees Belarus as a war party because the country provides military bases to Russian troops for attacks. Zelensky called on officials to work to protect the Olympic principles and prevent the admission of Russian athletes to the competitions. The president also renewed his criticism of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), which has lost its "honesty, unfortunately".
The reason for the conference was the IOC's announcement that it wants to allow athletes from Russia and Belarus to participate in international competitions under certain conditions. Ukraine is also threatening a boycott if the IOC allows the athletes to participate.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior also takes a position
The Federal Ministry of the Interior, which is responsible for sports, stated afterwards that it had also reiterated during the consultations that it would reject the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes in Paris. "In our view, there is no reason to invite Russian and Belarusian athletes back to the competitions. The international sports community must continue to show unrestricted solidarity and support to Ukrainian athletes. The IOC's efforts to readmit Russian and Belarusian athletes are the wrong approach," a spokesperson for the Ministry of the Interior stated in response to a dpa inquiry.
The Minister of the Interior, Nancy Faeser (SPD), had already emphasized at the end of January: "Sport should be clear in its condemnation of the brutal war that Putin is waging against the Ukrainian civilian population. Major sporting events do not take place in a vacuum". Russia, on the other hand, emphasizes that sport and politics should be kept separate.
Currently, Russia and Belarus are excluded from many international sports competitions. However, the IOC is striving for a return of athletes from both countries to the international sports scene under a neutral flag, provided they clearly commit to the Olympic Charter and do not actively support the war in Ukraine. IOC President Thomas Bach recently stated that exclusion "because of a passport or place of birth" would violate the ban on discrimination.
Accuse them there where it happened
"Hey, great ass!", whistling after the woman in the tight sexy costume and calling out lewd comments: all of this falls under the term "Catcalling". Behind the term lies nothing less than a form of verbal sexual harassment in public spaces.
Half of the vehicles lost? : USA see Moscow's tank stocks severely depleted
Half of the vehicles lost? The USA sees Moscow's tank stocks severely depleted
The Pentagon assumes that Russia has lost a significant number of tanks in Ukraine since the start of the war. The figure mentioned is "half of the main stock".
The Russian army has already lost half of its battle tanks in its war of aggression against Ukraine, according to estimates by the US Department of Defense. "Probably half of the main stock of tanks" of the Russian army "has been destroyed or confiscated by Ukraine," said Celeste Wallander, Under Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs.
Wallander did not provide any further details on the number of tanks seized and destroyed according to US estimates at an online event of the think tank Center for a New American Security.
Ukraine is to receive battle tanks from several Western allies in the coming weeks. Great Britain has promised Kiev the delivery of Challenger-2 battle tanks for March. Germany wants to deliver a battalion of Leopard-2 tanks to Ukraine in a coalition with other states by April. The USA has also promised a battalion of 31 Abrams battle tanks. However, their delivery is expected to take much longer.
Russia wants to follow up
In response to Western military aid, former Kremlin chief Dmitry Medvedev promised the construction and modernization of thousands of tanks. "As we know, our enemy abroad has begged for planes, missiles, tanks," said Medvedev, who is now deputy head of the Russian Security Council, during a visit to a tank factory in the Siberian city of Omsk. "It is clear that in this case it is self-evident for us to increase the production of various types of weapons and military equipment - including modern tanks."
Since last summer, a law has been in force in Russia that allows for a stronger alignment of the economy with the needs of the army. This means that individual sectors can be obliged to supply the armed forces.
Controversy over post occupancy in the army
The post, which the former director of the Military History Museum (HGM), Christian Ortner, will now hold, was not advertised. The personnel representative of the Academy, Herwig Jedlaucnik, suspects post corruption and abuse of office. Defence Minister Klaudia Tanner (ÖVP) defends the procedure.
A tender is not required because the appointment is for a position that has not yet been filled, according to the minister. She does not want to comment on "speculation from a liberal personnel representative". Ortner was replaced last year after 17 years at the head of the HGM. In addition to criticism of the museum's handling of Austria's military past, he was confronted with serious accusations of mobbing. These have been cleared up in Tanner's view.
Jedlaucnik also doubts Ortners suitability in terms of content. Ortners is an expert on the First World War and the wars of the monarchy, but the institute deals with current issues of security policy.
The SPÖ is demanding that Tanner provide clarification about the "unusual ordering process". The decision is tainted by the "appearance of post-shuffling", says SPÖ defence spokesman Robert Laimer. The Neos are calling on Tanner to withdraw the appointment. The ÖVP is "still up to its neck in the corruption swamp", said Douglas Hoyos, spokesman for national defence. He announced a parliamentary enquiry on the subject.
Carnival: First fools go on their knees before costs
Thüringen's carnival stronghold, Wasungen, wants to hold on to the traditional carnival parade in a different way than the state capital. However, the higher costs, including for security, are difficult to manage in Wasungen, says carnival president Marcel Kißling. The funds alone for this make up about half of the calculated total costs for the parade.
In Brandenburg, no carnival parades have been cancelled. The “parade of the happy people” in Cottbus, which is probably once again the largest in eastern Germany, is taking place for the first time after the pandemic. No parades have been cancelled for the Swabian-Alemannic carnival either.
Marne, Schleswig-Holstein's carnival stronghold, is sticking to the traditional parade despite the increased costs. "We are carrying out our event," says the president of the carnival society, Heiko Claußen. But even here, financial concerns are pressing: if more sponsors are not found or the existing ones do not contribute more, reserves will have to be tapped - "this cannot be done every year". The current deficit: around 200,000 euros.
And inflation: There is a price increase of up to 60 percent for sweets, says Elvira Reuther from the Nürnberger Fastnachtszug support association. Due to good fortune in misfortune, too much was ordered in 2020, which is why there is still enough stock this time. However, it is already certain that the parade will be more expensive. Double the amount of personnel will be required for security compared to 2020.
Anyone standing at the side of the road during the Rosenmontagszug in the Rhineland might receive fewer sweets than before. Because sweets have become more expensive, some parade participants do not have as much with them. Sweets or not, the number of visitors is likely to be high: "I believe that if it doesn't rain buckets on that day, we can definitely expect an increased number of visitors," says the Cologne parade leader Holger Kirsch. "This is due to the fact that two years ago there was no regular Rosenmontagszug. The parade is of course irreplaceable."
The festival committee in Cologne does not comment on costs in detail. However, the train is generally "in deficit", that is no secret.
The Ukraine Diary: Dreams and homemade vodka
The Ukrainians are not without reason known as hard drinkers. There is local beer like Obolon from Kiev or beer from Lviv. From time to time I discover German beer here. Not Kulmbacher, but other large breweries like Krombacher or Warsteiner. I can't really tell a big difference in taste. The same goes for vodka, which is widely consumed. They distill it here, especially in the villages. They call it Samargon. No one knows exactly how much of it is consumed in the former Soviet republics. In Russia, the Minister of Health claimed a few years ago that consumption had fallen by a staggering 80 percent in five years. Well, you can see here how little you can trust the Russians. It is said that as a tourist you should be careful with it. But that only applies if you go to the massively advertised sales. Then it is probably adulterated.
FC Hansa Rostock rewards itself for high effort: "Match luck on our side"
Food and drinks
If you want to celebrate the weekend with cocktails or have a beer after work, you will find great places to do so in Rostock and Warnemünde. The restaurant scene offers many locations for after-work meetings or pre-partying for club parties. Where is it best? A look at the Google reviews shows it.
Biathlon World Championships: Federal President sees favourite win and praises Oberhof
Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his wife Elke Büdenbender will be greeted at the arena by chimney sweep master Tobias Böttger and the Oberhofer mascot "Flocke"
Oberhof. The German biathletes had nothing to do with the medal ceremony at the World Cup sprint in Oberhof. But there were two bright spots in the fog.
No matter how hard the Federal President tried, it was impossible to tell from the VIP stand on Saturday whether the targets were actually falling at the shooting range. "I had to get the results on my phone," Frank-Walter Steinmeier said with a smile, referring to the clouds of fog that kept rolling into the stadium, which greatly impaired the view of the Rennsteig for the spectators.
Nevertheless, Steinmeier enjoyed the visit to the 10 km sprint race at the Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof, and received numerous tips from the Olympic champions Frank Ullrich and Peter Sendel: "Since the Olympic Games in South Korea, when Laura Dahlmeier won gold in the first race, I have been fascinated by biathlon," he revealed, and also praised Oberhof for its modernized sports facilities: "The completely renovated arena is great and offers ideal conditions. The athletes also say so - with thanks to those who have been working on this since the World Championships were awarded here". In terms of sustainability, the location is now "one step ahead" of many others and is therefore "secure for the next few years and even decades".
Once again, the Norwegian Johannes Thingnes Bö outran the competition. Despite a penalty lap after a shooting error, he secured his sixth victory in the sixth sprint of the winter in 23:21.7 minutes - and thus his second World Championship title in Oberhof. Behind him, his brother Tarjei, who shot flawlessly (14.8 seconds behind), and Sturla Holm Lägreid (1 penalty lap/39.9 seconds) as well as Johannes Dale (1/43.6) made the Norwegian quadruple victory perfect.
The local ski hunters were unable to join the fight for the medals a day after Denise Herrmann-Wick's triumph. Johannes Kühn, after a shooting error and with a deficit of 1:04.8 minutes, took eighth place as the best German. WM debutant Justus Strelow shot flawlessly and came in twelfth (1:14.6). Two bright spots behind the grey veil. In contrast, Benedikt Doll disappointed again. After his botched mixed effort on Wednesday, the Black Forest native left five targets standing this time and disappeared deep in disappointment and without comment into the cabin as 55th.
Bö went into the race with the number 1 in front of 14,300 spectators and manifested this status despite the complicated visibility conditions. However: On his last two standing shots he had the luck of the skilled; they landed on the edge of the discs and still went in. The 29-year-old then enjoyed the award ceremony together with his five-year-older brother: "It's the best feeling to stand here with him," said the world champion: "We are the best family, the best brothers, the best athletes."
There is hardly any doubt that the Norwegians will also dominate the pursuit on Sunday. In the women's event, however, German hopes rest on Herrmann-Wick. "If you start as number one, the goal is not to come in tenth. There is only full throttle and attack to defend the number one position," sports director Felix Bitterling put his "locomotive" to the test. The organizers expect a nearly sold-out arena for the double event (13.25 and 15.30/ZDF and Eurosport live).
Brych dislikes the "swarm of bees" on the pitch
Felix Brych - Referee Felix Brych decides on the referee's ball.
Players who start aggressively or coaches who complain? Germany's referees want to "consequentially punish" unsporting behaviour. Referee chief Fröhlich points to a role model function.
German top referee Felix Brych has identified negative trends in the way players interact on the field. "I do think that there are new behaviours among players who surround the referee like a swarm of bees after a decision and try to push him into the review area," said the 47-year-old to the German Press Agency. "We discussed this during the winter break. We decided that we do not want to accept such unsporting behaviour. We will pay more attention to this again - and we will also sanction it."
Most recently, two coaches were also given stadium bans. Mainz coach Bo Svensson saw the red card during the cup defeat against FC Bayern. Freiburg's coach Christian Streich received a yellow-red card for the league defeat in Dortmund. "The behavior of coaches also falls into the category of unsporting behavior. We have noticed that unsporting behavior has increased in this area, that the behavior towards referees has become a bit more demanding or aggressive. We want to consistently punish such unsporting behavior," said Brych.
DFB referee chief Lutz Michael Fröhlich pointed to a generally good relationship between coaches and referees. "Overall, the relationship is good. There are reactions, followed by consequent counter-reactions. The person affected then has to live with that. That shouldn't be anything world-shattering," Fröhlich told the German Press Agency.
"Conflicts can certainly arise from emotionality during the course of a game. But if emotionality spills over into personal insults, then one must also accept that the corresponding measures will be taken by the referee," said Fröhlich. In recent cases, the parties involved have cleared things up afterwards. "The important thing would be if a process of rethinking were to get underway overall, that such behavior simply isn't tolerated," said Fröhlich on the sidelines of an event of the Association of German Sports Journalists in Munich.
The 65-year-old pointed to possible effects at another level. "Of course, incidents from professional football always have an impact. There is a role model effect, which results in imitation. In the most recent cases in the Bundesliga, the referees have consistently reacted to negative behavior," said Fröhlich. "Regardless of the consistent interpretation of the rules in the game, a clarifying conversation, with an exchange of perspectives between the referees and those affected, is always helpful."
Combiner Oftebro wins in Schonach
The victory was secured by the Norwegian Jens Luraas Oftebro after a jump from the normal hill and the ten kilometre long cross-country skiing race, ahead of the Austrian overall leader Johannes Lamparter. Third place went to Kristjan Ilves from Estonia.
The German Nordic combined athletes are not competing in the Black Forest at their best. Beijing Olympic champion Vinzenz Geiger, Eric Frenzel and Johannes Rydzek are not taking part. They are preparing for the World Championships with training in Oberstdorf, which will take place from 21 February to 5 March in the Slovenian town of Planica. "We have three world-class athletes at home. The team is of course aware of this," said national coach Hermann Weinbuch in ZDF.
Seven people slightly injured after a rear-end collision on the A5
Seven people, including two children, were slightly injured in an accident involving four vehicles on the A5 motorway near Hemsbach (Rhein-Neckar-Kreis). According to a police statement, the accident occurred on Saturday when a driver hit a car from behind during a slight traffic jam and pushed it into two other cars. The complete closure of the lanes in the direction of Heidelberg was lifted after about an hour and a half.
Finissage in the Marl Sculpture Museum
The initiators of the exhibition: Sebastian Freytag (left) and Georg Elben (right) stand with artist Christian Freudenberger in front of his wall painting.
On Sunday, 12 February, an unusual exhibition will end at the Marl Sculpture Museum. For the finale, there will be some extras.
The final exhibition of "Wandgebunden" will take place on Sunday, 12 February, at 3 pm in the temporary quarters of the Marl Sculpture Museum in Georg-Herwegh-Straße 63-67. In three exhibition rooms, two large-format wall paintings will draw attention to themselves.
After the exhibition, the walls will be painted over and the works of art will disappear. However, a catalogue documents the works created specifically for the Marl Museum. It will be presented on 12 February by the two curators, Georg Elben and Sebastian Freytag.
At the finissage, Dr. Friederike Schuler will also give a lecture on wall-bound art in the service of the community. Using numerous examples, she will present the special features of wall painting from the Weimar Republic and ask about the connections to this art form in the Federal Republic, with a focus on NRW in the 1950s to 1970s.
Dr. Friederike Schuler is a freelance art historian and curator and in 2013 she earned her doctorate on the wall paintings of the Weimar Republic. Since then she has been researching architectural art as well as the history of art and institutions in post-war Germany, most recently with Sebastian Freytag on art in public buildings in NRW. After the lecture, the last curator's tour of the exhibition will take place. The artists are present.
Arrest warrants after building collapses in Turkey
It is about construction defects that contributed to the collapse of buildings: In the Turkish earthquake region, the judicial authorities have issued arrest warrants against dozens of suspects.
Istanbul. Dozens of arrest warrants have been issued in the south of Turkey for possible building defects after buildings collapsed during the earthquake. In the city of Diyarbakir, arrest warrants have been issued against 33 people, the state news agency Anadolu reported on Saturday, citing prosecutors. The accused are said to be responsible for building defects that contributed to the collapse of the buildings.
According to Anadolu, the public prosecutor's office in Adana is also investigating possible construction defects in collapsed buildings. So far, 62 arrest warrants have been issued in the course of these investigations. One of the accused was reportedly arrested at the airport in Istanbul. He is said to have tried to travel to Montenegro with cash and is now in custody. Nine other people were reportedly arrested in the cities of Sanliurfa and Osmaniye.
Early on Monday morning, an earthquake measuring 7.7 shook the Turkish-Syrian border area, followed by another earthquake measuring 7.6 in the afternoon. More than 7,500 buildings collapsed in Turkey alone.
Hans Modrow, the penultimate Prime Minister of the GDR, has died
Hans Modrow is dead, as the Left Party in the Bundestag announced. The 95-year-old died in the night to Saturday. Fraction Chairman Dietmar Bartsch praised the former SED functionary and later PDS and Left politician as a "deeply sincere socialist".
Last night, "Hans Modrow passed away at the age of 95", the Left Party in the Bundestag announced on Saturday. The party is losing "an important personality", explained the group chairman Dietmar Bartsch and the former group leader Gregor Gysi.
In the 1970s, Hans Modrow became the 1st Secretary of the SED district leadership in Dresden. As Prime Minister, he witnessed the end of the GDR. Only four days after the fall of the Wall, on 13 November 1989, he became the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the GDR - for around 150 days. In the Volkskammer elections on 18 March 1990, the SED/PDS lost power and Modrow lost his post a month later. He was succeeded as the last Prime Minister of the GDR until reunification by the CDU politician Lothar de Maizière.
The chairman of the Left party, Dietmar Bartsch, described Modrow in a message on the Twitter short message service as a "deeply sincere and combative socialist". Bartsch added:
"Right up to his old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed".
"The entire peaceful course of the reunification of Germany was a special achievement of his. This will remain his political legacy," Bartsch and Gysi wrote in their obituary. It also says:
"His later work in the Volkskammer, in the Bundestag, in the European Parliament and as honorary chairman of the PDS always consisted in representing that part of the former East German population that was not wanted and whose interests were regularly violated".
After reunification, Modrow sat in the German Bundestag for the PDS from 1990 to 1994 and represented them in the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
According to a report by the Deutsche Presse-Agentur (dpa), Modrow saw the new state "quite critically". German unity had been achieved too quickly, the GDR had disappeared too unconditionally, and it had been too one-sidedly condemned as an "unjust state", Modrow criticised in many interviews, according to dpa.
What happened in the night
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy condemns Russian rocket attacks. Meanwhile, Kiev has to carry out repairs to the power grid.
Kiev - The latest wave of Russian rocket attacks is once again forcing repairs to the Ukrainian energy network. However, Ukraine is also attacking Russian positions. Several thermal and hydroelectric power plants have been damaged, said the head of the energy supplier Ukrenerho, Volodymyr Kudryzkyj, on Friday evening on Ukrainian television. The situation with the power supply in the Kharkiv region is particularly bad. Due to the instability in the Ukrainian power grid, a reactor block at the Chmelnyzkyj nuclear power plant had to be shut down, and production was reduced at the Rivne and Southern Ukraine nuclear power plants.
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy condemned the Russian attack with about 100 rockets and missiles on Friday as terrorism. In a video message, however, he reported to his fellow countrymen how much support Ukraine had received on his trip to London, Paris and Brussels this week.
Selenskyj does not want to abandon the small town of Bachmut
On 24 February, it will have been a year since the war began. US President Joe Biden announced a visit to the important Ukraine supporter Poland shortly before the anniversary. The danger from Russian missile attacks continued into the night on Saturday. In the capital Kiev, the air raid sirens were sounded for the fifth time that day late on Friday evening. "An attack with drones is imminent," the military administration of the Kiev region announced. Combat drones of Iranian design were also spotted and shot down over the regions of Mykolajiw and Odessa in the south.
Deutsche Bahn: Federal government selects consultants for network company
Demands from the FDP and the Greens during the election campaign to separate it failed due to the coalition partner SPD. In the coalition agreement, they agreed on the compromise of an infrastructure company, which in the future, however, should be oriented towards the common good. This means that it does not need to generate profits and distribute them.
Backlog of renovations of 80 billion euros
The two consulting firms are to help the federal government to manage this process. The backlog in the repair of the rail network is a major reason why the railway is currently running very late. Transport Minister Wissing has made it his mission to eliminate this problem by completely renovating entire railway corridors. The investments required for this have so far been estimated at 50 billion euros, but according to more recent calculations by the railway, they are more likely to be up to 80 billion euros.
Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof 2023 - Gold for Denise Herrmann-Wick: "Can someone pinch me?"
The external circumstances apparently did not speak in favor of Herrmann-Wick. She said she had slept poorly, was "totally excited," and her pulse had not come down even before the race. "What a race," and that at the home World Championships, "you can't describe it with words," she said. 11,000 spectators cheered to the thumping Schlager music with German flags, coaches and team members hugged each other.
"Enjoy biathlon", that was her plan
For Herrmann-Wick, the pressure had been particularly high. The 34-year-old had started the World Championships as the biggest, if not the only, German medal hope outside of the relay teams. Herrmann-Wick has won two World Cups this winter as the only German. She is currently in fifth place in the overall World Cup. And even though the level of performance among women at the top is significantly higher than among men, where currently only Johannes Thingnes Bø and his Norwegians dominate, one had other names on the list for this sprint victory.
Criticism of the government - Bishop in Nicaragua sentenced to 26 years in prison
The bishop is a prominent critic of the left-wing head of state. He accuses Ortega of suppressing religious freedom. Relations between the Nicaraguan government and the Catholic Church have been severely strained since 2018. At that time, demonstrators who demanded the resignation of Ortega took refuge in churches. More than 350 people died in the protests in 2018. Thousands of people left the Central American country in the following years, often out of fear of repression or arrest. President Ortega accuses the Catholic clergy of conspiring with the US government to overthrow him.
Bundeswehr: The arms industry is demanding more orders from the special fund
The first defense projects have already been scrapped, and others are threatened with the same fate, as reported by "Welt am Sonntag". However, it is not yet possible to say which investments would be cut. "There is no need to assign specific procurement measures to potential savings at this point in time," says a response from the German government to a request from Bundestag member Ingo Gädechens (CDU).
The background to the falling investment sum is the rising interest rates. The special fund, which is fully credit-financed and which the Bundestag decided on in June 2022, must bear the interest burden for the loans itself. If these rise, less money is available for the actual acquisitions for the Bundeswehr. In addition, the current high inflation is reducing the purchasing power of the remaining sum.
Kupferzell: Accident with 3 Injured People
On the night of Friday to Saturday (10.02.-11.02.), at around 01.40 am, a 24-year-old BMW driver, coming from the direction of Kupferzell, wanted to turn left onto the highway at the Kupferzell highway exit in the direction of Heilbronn. At this time, a 21-year-old VW driver was driving on the B 19 in the direction of Künzelsau, the police reported. During the BMW driver's turning maneuver, there was a collision between the two vehicles.
Both parties involved in the accident stated that the traffic lights at the accident site showed "green" for them. An inspection of the traffic lights revealed no faults. Further investigations will follow. The 24-year-old, the 21-year-old and the passenger in the BMW were all slightly injured in the accident. They had to be taken to a hospital. The two cars sustained a total of approximately 20,000 euros in damage.
Schlossplatz Stuttgart remembers the victims of the earthquake disaster
Many people in Stuttgart followed the call of the Ditib Mosque community in Feuerbach on Friday evening
Tens of thousands of people have died in the earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria. Sympathy is great - also in Stuttgart.
The earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria has gripped the world. More than 200 people gathered on Friday evening on Stuttgart's castle square to remember the victims and pray for them.
Many members of the community followed the call of the Ditib-Mosque community in Feuerbach, young and old, women and men. They all listened to the Imam's prayer with seriousness and in silence. In the prayer, the Imam asked Allah for help for the people in the affected areas, so that they could also overcome this disaster. He asked, among other things, for health, protection from plagues and for respectful treatment of one another. The community also asked for support and strength, "to bring our help to the areas affected by the earthquake".
Ditib stands by the side of the people in Turkey and Syria. The speakers expressed their sympathy for the victims and their families, of whom there were more than 22,000 at the time of the memorial event. The prayers were also translated into German on the castle square.
The solidarity of Muslims in Germany with the earthquake victims in the Turkish-Syrian border region is great. The donation campaign of the German Islamic Association Turkish-Islamic Union (Ditib) has already raised several million euros.
The Alevi community in Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt collected donations in kind over several days in Glockenstraße, which were to be transported by truck to the earthquake regions. The willingness to help was also overwhelming there.
Hike with meat insertion - Ebersberg
"After eating, you should rest or take a thousand steps".... The older generation knows this saying, the younger generation simply puts it into practice. Anyway, in the years of the pandemic, the good old digestive walk has experienced an unforeseen renaissance. Because those who, thanks to home office, are not sitting in the middle of a stone desert, but rather just a stone's throw away from fields, forests and meadows, now use their lunch break either after the quick snack in front of the screen or as a substitute for a walk in the fresh air. At least, this is the impression one could get around the Egglburger See, where not only dog owners have been hanging out between 12 and 14 o'clock for a long time.
One reason could of course also be that modern people, in the course of optimally using their time slots, can combine the health-promoting intake of fresh air with other things. After all, why not hear news from the settlement from the neighbor you haven't seen in a long time during a short walk through nature? Or meet up with the friend you never make it to the cinema with, not even to the old cinema? This way, work and private life can also be combined - who says that the appointment with the tax consultant, lawyer or investment advisor can't take place outdoors? As long as there are no strangers nearby, of course.
What else can be done splendidly is the purchase of goods. Fresh fruit, for example, which is placed next to cheese on a table by the roadside. Or potatoes and meat. It's just a shame if you haven't thought about the purchase in advance and made the necessary arrangements. So an elderly couple in Hinteregglburg leaves the wooden sales room of the farmer with empty hands and regret in their voice. "What a shame, we unfortunately forgot the money".
The disappointment is palpable, as you yourself have a companion with a wallet, but not a transport container. This also lets the friendly acquaintance know. To which the man replies: "But that's not true! You do have a bag with you!" He points to the hood of the jacket, which you quickly put on before leaving the house, even though the sunshine makes an additional head covering unnecessary. "My wife always packs everything in there!"
And so it happens that you set off on the return journey with a meat filling and, on this midday excursion, you have not only gained a lamb chop, but also an extremely practical idea. It is quite possible that on this day a second walk will be due - after dinner. This time, in fact, for digestion.
Trapped and seriously injured
Around 9 p.m., the 25-year-old drove his Audi on the county road towards Hailfingen and, for reasons that are still unclear, veered to the right in a left-hand bend, according to the police report. In the process, the Audi damaged a traffic sign, collided laterally with a tree and came to a stop a few meters away. The collision trapped the driver in his car, and the fire department freed him using heavy equipment. The emergency services took the seriously injured man to a hospital. As there was suspicion of driving under the influence, a blood sample was taken. According to the police report, the Audi was a total loss, with damages amounting to 1,000 euros.
Donald Trump's tax returns: a point for the rule of law
The US Department of Justice has ruled: The tax authority must hand over the former president's tax returns to Congress.
Trump 2018, still in office as President of the USA at the time
The Treasury Department must instruct the IRS to release the confidential documents to the Finance and Tax Committee, the department said in a decision on Friday.
Contrary to political customs in the USA, the real estate entrepreneur Trump did not make his tax returns public, either as a candidate or later as president. He fought against their release all the way to the Supreme Court. A prosecutor's office in New York has now received the documents, but no details may be made public from them - unless a trial takes place.
The release to Congress is more problematic for Trump: there, the circle of those with access is somewhat larger and, under certain conditions, individual details could be published during the course of the committee's investigation. In addition, confidential information is also constantly leaking from the parliament.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, immediately welcomed the decision as a "victory for the rule of law". Access to the Republican's tax returns is a matter of national security, she wrote on Twitter. "The American people deserve to know the facts about his conflicts of interest and his undermining of our security as president," Pelosi explained.
Cabaret in the Bastion: Between birth and death, life plays out
Kirchheim. Pasta or pizza? Samsung or Apple? Which mobile phone contract with so many offers? Stay or leave? Either - or? As slaves to time, people today rush from one appointment to the next and sometimes just shove people and hamburgers in between. Lucy van Kuhl shows in her new program that the "in-between" state has something exciting about it.
Lucy van Kuhl tells and sings about situations in life in a humorous and thoughtful way. In her sensitive chansons and crisp, pointed cabaret songs, she gets to the point - and there is also a little something between the lines. It all starts on Saturday, 18 February, at 8.30 pm in the Kirchheimer Club Bastion.
British heavy criminal caught in Thailand after long flight
London - After five years on the run, a convicted drug offender from Great Britain has been caught in Thailand. As the British Criminal Police NCA announced on Saturday, the man was arrested on Friday by Thai police in a car workshop in Bangkok. The 55-year-old was on the "Most Wanted" list of the most wanted criminals by the NCA.
The leader of a criminal group fled in early 2018 before the start of a trial in which he was sentenced in absentia to 11 years in prison for attempting to import amphetamines worth eight million pounds (nine million euros), according to authorities.
Encounters at the church table
Bielefeld
What is served remains a secret in advance. For the people are primarily coming to the Vesperkirche to meet others, not because something specific is on the menu. This Sunday is the start, then the Neustädter Marienkirche will be a dining hall for two weeks.
Cabaret - Stories from the Big Apple
Vince Ebert has a mission: The physicist from Unterfranken, who has lived in Vienna for three years and, according to his own statement, loves Viennese humor, champions science in his cabaret programs. The programmatic title of his current solo, "Make Science Great Again," fits in well with this. Whether this fits in well with the prevailing domestic skepticism towards science is another matter. His humor, however, fits in very well in Vienna.
The English title is also derived from Ebert's younger life story, as he tried to establish himself as a stand-up comedian in New York for a year in 2019. But now he is back and he tells his German-speaking audience not only about his experiences abroad, but also explains what Wissenaft actually is and what it can do - and what it cannot do. Of course, Corona comes up, but also German thoroughness in the toilet and American engineering.
And he breaks it down to the most important question that many put off: What is really important? All of this with a huge wink, calmly and very ironically. And so not only are you entertained, but you can also learn something.
Please go for typing... it doesn't take long, doesn't hurt and can save many people's lives.
My phone rings with an unknown number. I answer. This woman is the honest finder of her purse.
The Nordcon team also writes: "Unlike our old location, we now only have very few stairs.
MdB Pfeiffer calls climate protection an ersatz religion. It may even be true, because I love this planet and its civilization more than any abstract god.
Ten firefighters and two policemen were injured, some seriously, in the explosion.
I can dismiss everything as harmless eccentricity. You don't do that to children.
It's good that for decades the city's politics have recognized the advantages and never questioned them.
Peace and security in times of change? On Monday, May 15 at 6:00 p.m., the Solidarity Church, the Peace Plenum, and the Evangelical City Academy invite you to a lecture and discussion event at the Evangelical College on the topic of "Peace and security in times of change?"
I really don't understand why such events aren't held on Sundays. Or not in the city.
What is the #Bahn not doing to drive customers away and ruin its image even further!?
It's genius how well #LuisaNeubauer gets to the point. We need people like her. Thank you Luisa!
Microtransactions in Diablo IV: Blizzard reveals details and prices of monetization <URL> #DiabloIV #ActivisionBlizzard
After the political crisis and new elections in 2020, politicians of various colours are travelling to Germany together for the first time (!).
I am curious who I will meet there and who I will get to know there ;-)
Party colleague Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer eleven, just like the Ministry of Education under Anja Karliczek, she is also a CDU minister.
So this is really nothing new, it's like that with every electronic ticket. Checkin/checkout is a different house number.
Certainly no reason to do anything about the tax evasion of 150 billion euros per year in Germany alone.
Is anyone #wortify and found the word with all letters today? If so, please let me know, it's driving me crazy.
I haven't written anything for a long time, the search for a suitable job has taken up all my resources for a long time.
Dunja #Hayali will moderate the #AktuelleSportstudio for the last time this coming Saturday: <URL>
If the city sets up these cycle routes in the secondary network, he is against it again. Can this man ever make up his mind?
I actually wanted to grab my camera and go for a little walk. What's going on? It's raining.
After a serious accident or other traumatic events, those affected are often in shock. How can you help someone who is in psychological shock?
Digital exclusion: a new form of discrimination - The whole documentary
About me: I always need a bottle of water on my bed. If there is more in the bottle, I usually don't drink it at all or only drink two or three sips.
This is the third nationwide warning strike: 50 railway and transport companies want to strike again from Sunday until Tuesday of next week.
I only ever get #voice messages from a very good friend. So I make myself a coffee, light a cigarette and listen. It's always very entertaining. He's the only one who's allowed to do that.
Tomorrow I can finally hand in my computer for repair and then the prospects are quite good that I can start working again sometime in June. Hey, at least there's a prospect!
The plenum is called upon to follow this idea; this principle must also be anchored in the #CyberResilienceAct and the #ProductLiabilityDirective.
Disposable or reusable? The environmental protection agency recommends reusable, but Lidl uses a disposable system. However, other factors also come into play, such as short transport routes.
The EVP group in the EU Parliament wants to undermine central components of the EU Commission's Green Deal, such as the pesticide regulation and the renaturation law.
Software problems: Polestar delays production start and reduces staff - <URL>
Tomorrow I have the day off again, because there is no trailer signage and not so much urgent work to do. A Friday that deserves its name!
I bought everything from System Matters, I just prefer PDFs. Currently, I am working on the Black Sword Hack.
Dear readers, dear followers, if so, how much does it cost? Are there special conditions? If not, is such a variant still planned? Thank you very much!
A new episode of Hasophonie: "The illusion of justice. How we do ourselves and others wrong."
And anyone who cannot understand the panic of the people has not read enough @IPCC_CH@twitter.com reports.
A microphone, energy-saving and inspired by nature
A British research group is using 3D printing to develop biomimetic sound recording systems. The technology is based on the senses of the small wax moth.
This was preceded by fierce political disputes, also about the general Eastern policy of Willy Brandt (SPD).
I'm not really an elephant fan myself, but maybe it will find a few fans here.
What I wanted to say. I am happy to answer any question if I can answer it.
10 years ago I read "Biohacking - Gentechnik aus der Garage". A cool and exciting book.
There are farmers in #Ukraine who own more Russian tanks.
It's a Thursday, but this time it's a normal #Jazz concert that's taking place tonight at the #Jazzhaus #Heidelberg.
I want an orange network card! What color does yours have or do you want to have?
The preventive examination as a key point of the passing of time.
How detached and contemptuous of human life can one actually be? If someone has a heart attack in the evening at the end of the month, they should please stay at home until their account is replenished or their GP is available? I am already looking forward to the debate on this motion! Health Minister Lauterbach, on the other hand.
Several firefighters and police officers were seriously injured in the explosion in #Ratingen. According to @rponline-Ticker & NRW-IM Reul, there are vague indications that the man was mentally close to Corona deniers. He was being sought under a warrant.
Specifically about a star: the sun, its protuberances, but above all about how much of the energy that arrives from it we let in and get rid of again, and at what level.
All jokes are made
And we laughed a lot. The sound faded away quietly
On the way home. The applause sounds strange. Who was actually applauded? Or was it pleasant for us
To see only the other in what has been said? To see ourselves in them...
Hmmm, before touching cyclists, one must shout "En garde" loud and clear.
Hello Julia, I hope you enjoyed your funeral and the burial of your urn.
"A brief history of religion from anthropogenic climate change: From the myth of eternal carbon dioxide or how elegant theses become gospels when they threaten to fail in earthly practice."
The further expansion of the Federal Police into an instrument of repressive isolationist policy will not be improved by a few control receipts. But also for the first time #labeling obligation and control receipts against #RacialProfiling.
Sovereign Storm of Grailknights live on stage at Colos-Saal Aschaffenburg, 1 April 2023.
A new legal opinion sees chat control as incompatible with the EU's fundamental values. Nevertheless, the Commission is continuing.
... and one more thing, I found the email on a local notebook. The house doesn't lose anything! You can rely on my digital messaging.
If you have enough money, you can demand that too. The economy will be happy.
Healthy materials were used in construction, and resource-saving construction was taken into account.
So, according to the current planning, I will be driving electrically, possibly, from September. We'll see how often the construction date is postponed until then....
Human rights organizations are now sounding the alarm: the freedom of the vote is in danger.
Moitzfeld: Discussion about new daycare center <URL> #radioberg #bergischesland #nachrichten #lokalnachrichten #nrw #oberberg #rheinberg #news
The Federal Prosecutor's Office is refusing to investigate.
Grandpa, conceal, principle, what you need, you host out of the earth, what you want to get rid of, you put into the earth.
But even on the Feldberg, with just under two degrees, it's not enough for "ice". We'll see how it goes on Sunday at the Schluchsee.
Are there also people from #GenerationZ here in the #Fediverse or on the NRW.social instance?
Understandable, such a goal spectacle has not been seen here for a long time!
I spoke with people a few days ago who criticized exactly this about "politics".
Where do you want to use me so that you don't go bankrupt? What do you pay? Can I chill in my home office? And I want a 4-day week.
Train strike: Will I still reach my destination after 10 p.m. on Sunday? - The Deutsche Bahn assumes that train traffic will continue until the start of the warning strike on Sunday. But what if passengers have not yet arrived at their destination?
Hacking & Pentest Hardware Talk at the Police
I was invited to present the most important tools to the future police officers and policewomen.
Great book: the maid. By Nita Prose. Crime novel with interesting protagonists and an unexpected perspective. Exciting until the very end.
NBA: Stephen Curry with 27 points, Warriors beat Lakers - Highlights, Boxscore, Statistics: <URL> #basketball #nba
At Hertha, this is still uncertain, but a win against the last-placed team from Berlin is in the air.
Now I have to get a nice story off my chest.
I absolutely did not expect to receive a paper train ticket in the post anymore.
The number of sick leave days for care workers has risen sharply from 2021 to 2022. How did this happen? According to data from the Techniker Krankenkasse (TK), which are available to the Evangelical Press Service, the number of sick leave days increased by 40 percent compared to 2021.
"The level of workload, particularly in nursing care, is also shown by a report from the German Trade Union Federation (DGB).
Transgender: Does not identify with the gender assigned at birth.
The US election 2020: still "stolen". His interviewer: "wicked". One day after his conviction for sexual abuse, Donald Trump faces questions from a moderator and the audience at CNN.
Budget policy: Tax revenues lower than expected
This will make the budget negotiations more difficult.
Maybe search engines and Google Assistant will finally understand that they don't need to show anything with meat for cooking.
A #PopClip extension that allows you to highlight text in #Obsidian in color... <URL>
#FAV2023 After a #Coaching session and lunch break, the #DigitalGuardians continue on their way
"#Batteries from outdated #EAutos are often still far from being depleted. In a #pilot project, they are used to store #electricity from #renewable energy sources and to balance out #grid fluctuations."
#Democracy|s have also generated broad #prosperity so far. We will see what a democracy is worth if it no longer means prosperity.
Arrived at the #Amtrak Station Providence, Rhode Island.
Rebuilding this work of art is a good way to get rid of this straight line of concrete slabs. That's what I intend to do.
Google's pretty heavy-handed AI power demonstration <URL>
The entrance to our hotel in Argenton-sur-Creuse - makes you want to explore the world behind it.
I am at a loss. And I notice how more and more the fear arises that I have something terrible bubbling inside me that I am not covering up.
I still have about 200 euros worth of unused train tickets from the last #warnstreik.
Fairbuds XL: This is what sustainability sounds like
They are easy to repair.
Pakistan: Supreme Court orders release of Imran Khan
The lawyer of Pakistan's former prime minister has been successful with his complaint: Imran Khan is to be released. Thousands had protested after his arrest.
The line closure between Herchen and Eitorf has been lifted. The unauthorized persons on the line between Herchen and Eitorf have been apprehended.
1. General
The one-man entertainment device BATTLEZONE is equipped with a Vector or X/Y monitor. This game illustrates the battle from the perspective of a tank driver. The battles take place in a wide valley, which is completely surrounded by mountains and volcanoes. In the valley there are rock pyramids and boulders that offer the player temporary protection, as they cannot be destroyed by enemy fire.
The opponent is represented by slow-moving chain vehicles and fast super tanks, as well as agile rockets that become increasingly difficult to hit during the extended gameplay. Additionally, UFOs appear at periodic intervals. These cannot attack the player's tank. Conversely, the player can achieve a high score by hitting a UFO. The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) different modes of operation. These are the attraction mode, the game introduction mode, the gameplay mode, the initial input for highest scores, and the self-test mode. The latter mode represents a special mode for testing the controls and the computer function.
4. Gameplay
The game sequence is triggered when the pressure switch START is activated. The LED switch remains lit and the game sounds become audible. When the last player tank is eliminated by the enemy attacker, the game is over. The game begins with slowly moving tanks that become visible on the screen. The player can determine the position of the respective enemy tanks or missiles by paying attention to the text displayed in the upper left corner of the cockpit's information display. A hint might read, for example: ENEMY FROM THE RIGHT. In addition, a point representing the enemy position is visible on the wide-ranging radar screen, accompanied by a sonar BLIP tone.
The upper, conical area on the radar screen represents the player's field of view on the screen below. If the enemy is in this area, he can be targeted well on the screen. Furthermore, the message "ENEMY IN FIRE ZONE" is simultaneously displayed in the upper left corner of the screen.
At times, UFOs appear on the screen, flying over the battlefield. These are harmless flying objects that observe the battle and cannot eliminate either the enemy or the player's tank. The flight path of the UFOs cannot be detected by radar. The UFOs are intended to round off the battle and distract the player, as they usually appear at the same time as enemy tanks or rockets. UFOs can be eliminated by both the player's tank and the enemy's tank. Shooting down a UFO earns the player 5,000 points. If an enemy is hit, the following points are achieved: 1,000 points for a slow-moving tank, 2,000 points for a rocket, and 3,000 points for a super tank. A super tank moves and rotates twice as fast as the player's tank or a slow-moving enemy tank. There are several options that give the creator the opportunity to use 2, 3, 4 or even 5 tanks. Furthermore, after reaching certain point scores, a bonus tank can be released and the appearance of the rocket can be varied for a more difficult game design. Details and the exact switching positions of the gameplay selection switch for this setting option can be seen in the illustration.
5. Initial input for maximum results
If a player exceeds the minimum score on the high score table, HE or SHE can enter three (3) personal initials on the table after the game is over. The instruction for this is self-explanatory and can be displayed in four languages. It should be noted that triggering a self-test, pressing the RESET button on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PCB, or an interruption of the mains voltage will delete the high score table. When deleting (RESET), the ten (10) highest scores with their initials are saved and written back to the screen to challenge other players. Any score over 100,000 is additionally marked with a tank symbol, followed by the player's initials. If a player does not enter his or her initials within 60 seconds, the computer automatically enters dashes. After this, the device switches back to the attraction game mode. CONSTRUCTION ARRANGEMENT
1. New parts
The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) new components. If you have experience with ATARI video devices, you should be aware of these important differences. The new parts are: A. The control lever. This is a redesign of the ATARI control lever. It has been reinforced with several additional ribs in the inner and outer housing parts, making this unit more stable and ensuring proper functioning of the switch contacts. Another modification is the rubber centering bellows, which, like a centering spring, always brings the control lever back to the center position. The microcircuits are now attached with self-locking nuts for easier replacement. B. Two PC boards. ATARI's X/Y game circuit has been expanded to two (2) interconnected boards. These are the analog vector generator and the auxiliary board. With the help of this circuit technology, more lines are generated on the screen at a higher speed, resulting in a smooth and calm image. C. The power supply. Battlezone is equipped with a newly designed power supply. It has a larger, more powerful transformer to cover the increased power supply given by the expansion of the circuit. D. The device housing. Due to the new design, it was now possible to install a new case with a larger coin capacity. In addition, the device has a console that is intended as a podium for smaller players to make playing easier. At the same time, this console ensures maximum device stability at the installation site.
These new components, as well as all other main assemblies of this device, are shown in Figure 1. If one of these new parts is mentioned in the manual, you will find this symbol. 2. Device inspection
After removing the packaging, this new entertainment device is ready to play. However, you should still carry out a certain amount of inspection to complete the quality control. To be sure that the device was delivered to you in good condition, the following checks should be carried out: NOTE: Do not connect the device to the 220 V network yet. A. Examine the outside of the housing for damage. B. Open the maintenance flap of the device and check the components inside the device as follows: (1) Check all cable harness plugs for proper and secure connection. Connect any open or loose plugs to each other.
NOTE: Never force the plug connections. The plugs are equipped with a positive-locking mechanism, so that a correct connection is established. A plug connection rotated by 180 degrees destroys the PCB.
(2) Check the plug connections to the game PC board for proper and secure fit. (3) Note the manufacturing number on the type plate on the back of the unit. Check that the stamped manufacturing number matches those on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PC board, Auxiliary PC board, Control/Audio II PC board, and TV monitor. A diagram of the location of the manufacturing number is on the back cover of this manual. This number should always be given when calling your dealer for further service information. (4) Check all other major components, such as the power supply, control console, and TV monitor, for proper installation. (5) Finally, the unit must be connected to the power supply and turned on. With a glance through the player's viewing glass, check that the radar screen is located in the bright, orange-circled opening in the cover. If the opening is not centered exactly, the cover, secured with adhesive tape on the housing, must be removed and realigned. Before connecting the unit to the power supply, make sure that the voltage selector switch on the power supply (see Fig. 3) matches the local power supply voltage. Check the cable color on the plug and verify the connection values as listed below:
DO YOU HAVE PROBLEMS WITH YOUR SOFTWARE? Below you will find a series of tips that can help you solve most problems related to current DirectX games. Checking the system configuration
Please take the time to check if your system meets the requirements listed on the packaging. If you are unsure if your PC meets the requirements, you can use the DirectX Diagnostic Tool to get an overview of your system. To call up the DirectX Diagnostic Tool, please proceed as follows: Click on the "Start" button and select the "Run" option. Enter "dxdiag" in the text field. The user interface of the DirectX Diagnostic Tool will now be displayed. Here you have access to all relevant system details, including information about the graphics and sound card. You can check, among other things, whether graphics and sound are working correctly by clicking on the corresponding buttons to test DirectDraw, Direct3D and DirectSound. Note: If you do not have advanced computer knowledge, we would advise against changing any of the options in the DirectX Diagnostic Tool. Before starting the game
It can happen that other programs are using up the system resources that the game needs to run properly. Not all of these programs are obviously active, and many of them are automatically started when the system is booted up. Such programs that are constantly active on your system are also called “background applications”. In some cases, they can be the cause of your program freezing or crashing. That is why we recommend that you end such background applications before starting the game. - If antivirus or crash guard programs are running on your system, you should close or deactivate them before starting the game. Look for the program symbol in the Windows taskbar, right-click on the symbol and select the appropriate option (“Deactivate”, “Close”, or similar). - Once you have deactivated the antivirus and crash guard programs, you should also end general background applications, as these can sometimes cause problems when you install or run a PC game. You can read more about this in the section “How to end all unnecessary background applications”. Cleaning up the system
Before installing software, you need to ensure that your hard drive is functioning optimally. Therefore, you should make it a habit to “clean up” your PC at regular intervals. The tools you need for this are included with Windows: use ScanDisk, defragmentation and disk cleanup to ensure that everything runs smoothly. This will greatly increase the chances of current games running smoothly on your PC. A “clean” system also has the advantage of working much more efficiently, and therefore other applications you use will run faster and more stably. Consult the Windows help files to learn more about the ScanDisk, error checking, defragmentation and disk cleanup tools. Using Windows Help
1. Click on the “Start” button and select the “Help” (or “Help and Support”) option to call up the Windows Help. 2. Now click in the search field and enter the appropriate keyword, e.g. “ScanDisk” (Win 98/ME), “Error Checking” (Win 2000/XP), “Defragmentation” and “Disk Cleanup”. You will then receive instructions explaining how to use these tools.
The game crashes or freezes?
For games that use the latest version of DirectX, you should make sure you have the latest drivers for your graphics card. This can often prevent a game from crashing or freezing. - First, you should try to download the latest drivers from the manufacturer's website for your graphics card. Here are the latest graphics card manufacturers:
How to end all unnecessary background applications
Important note: After ending the game, you should reactivate the background applications by restarting your PC. This will automatically reactivate all background applications that you ended. Windows 98/ME
1. Hold down the CTRL and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTER. This will bring up the "Close Program" window, which lists all background applications currently running on your system. 2. To end a background application, click on the entry in the task list and then click on the "End Task" button. Note: Do not end the background applications Explorer and Systray, as these are required for Windows to function. You can safely end all other background applications. 3. The window will now close and the task is complete. Repeat the above steps to end all other background applications (except for "Explorer" and "Systray"). Windows 2000/XP Professional
1. Hold down the CTRL and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The Windows security window will now be displayed. 2. Click on “Task Manager” to open the Windows task manager. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click on the “End task” button. Note: Depending on your system settings, pressing CTRL, ALT and ENTF may not display the Windows security window, but instead immediately display the Windows task manager. Windows XP Home
1. Hold down the CTRL and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTER. This will display the Windows Task Manager. 2. To end a background application, switch to the "Applications" tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click on the "End Task" button. Before calling the hotline
If you want to call, you should sit down at your PC and have the following information ready (see section “Checking the system configuration”). Please also prepare some note-taking materials. - PC brand and model - processor type - operating system including version number (e.g. Windows® 98; Windows® Me) - RAM (working memory) - information about graphics and sound card and drivers
Introductory words to Fahrheit
The desire to develop video games was sparked in me by the advent of 3D real-time technology, which suddenly opened up a lot of new possibilities and seemed to me like a new means of expression, with which one could push the world to its limits. It represented for me an opportunity to explore new horizons. I felt like a cinematic pioneer at the beginning of the 20th century: on the one hand, I struggled with the still immature technology, but on the other hand, I was aware that there was still everything to be discovered - especially a new language, which had to be both narrative and visual. To be honest, the next ten years could not satisfy my hunger. I had the nagging feeling that video games only used a tiny part of their amazing creative possibilities, because they were too focused on "action" and forgot about a fundamental element of the human experience: emotions. Meanwhile, technology continued to make rapid progress. Fahrenheit represents my contribution to making video games a true expressive medium that conveys emotions. Even if this could have happened in a completely different way, Fahrenheit's greatest merit is the fact that it raises real questions and offers concrete answers. Fahrenheit is proof that it is possible to create an interactive gaming experience that is not just based on fighting hideous monsters in dark corridors and shooting crates to get ammunition, but has much more demanding and profound content. It is proof that it is possible to tell a story and offer game content without having to sacrifice the narrative or interactive elements. I hope that both hardcore gamers and casual players will enjoy this new gaming experience. If you are rather skeptical about video games, I hope that Fahrenheit will help change your mind about them. May other developers also feel the desire to take this new creative path and enrich it with their own inspiration, talent and ambition. Interactivity is still in its infancy and offers the chance to discover everything yet. Over the past two years, Fahrenheit has filled a large part of our lives and has been an unforgettable interpersonal and intellectual adventure for the entire Quantic Dream team, in which we were constantly forced to question many of the previously unquestioned principles. I would be happy if Fahrenheit - like books, films and songs that have left a lasting impression on you - also leaves a lasting impression on you. David Cage
The README file
The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM contains a ReadMe file where the license agreement and updated information about the game can be viewed. We recommend that you view this file so that you can be aware of any changes made after the printing of this manual. To view the file, double-click on it in the Fahrenheit directory on your hard drive (usually C:\Programme\Atari\Fahrenheit). You can also access the ReadMe file by first clicking on the Start button on the Windows® taskbar, then selecting “Programs”, “Atari”, “Fahrenheit”, and finally the ReadMe file.
SETUP AND INSTALLATION
1. Start Windows® 2000/XP. 2. Insert the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM into the DVD-ROM drive. 3. If the "AutoPlay" option is enabled, the title screen should appear. If "AutoPlay" is not enabled or the installation does not start automatically, click on the Start button of the Windows® taskbar and then on "Execute". Enter D:\Setup and then click on "OK". Note: If your DVD-ROM drive is assigned a letter other than "D", use that letter accordingly. 4. Follow the instructions on the screen to complete the installation of the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM. 5. Once the installation is complete, click on the Start button of the Windows® taskbar and select Programs/Atari/Fahrenheit/Fahrenheit to start the game. Note: The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM must be in the DVD-ROM drive for you to be able to play.
The present SERVICE MANUAL is intended to familiarize you with the installation and maintenance of the QIX TV entertainment machine. The front pages describe the gameplay, in addition to important information for installation and maintenance. The following service tips assume general knowledge of microprocessors, TTL circuits, and TV monitors. No attempt should be made to repair the electronic part of the device without knowledge in these areas. The manual concludes with the electrical diagrams. We ask that you carefully observe the instructions in this manual to ensure satisfactory operation of the machine.
The information and illustrations contained in this SERVICE MANUAL correspond to the state at the time of printing. CHANGES RESERVED DUE TO TECHNICAL PROGRESS, HOWEVER NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE! Please note when setting up.
Transport damage
If external transport damage is visible, this must be reported immediately, recorded on a transport document and confirmed by the deliverer (shipping company, railway, etc.). The manufacturer is not liable for transport damage! Power supply
The device is set for the mains voltage indicated on the type plate. For other mains voltages, the device transformer and the monitor transformer must be switched over. According to VDE regulations, the device is equipped with a grounding connection and is intended only for dry rooms. Proper operation of the coin system requires the device to be set up level and upright. SERVICE TIPS
IMPORTANT! If at any time an incomprehensible display appears on the monitor, please switch off the machine for a short time (pull out the power plug) and then switch it back on again. If the machine does not work properly afterwards, it needs to be repaired.
Before repair, unplug the power cord! During monitoring and testing: do not touch any parts carrying voltage! Even when the device is switched off, the monitor can still carry dangerous voltage. CAUTION, HIGH VOLTAGE! Approximately 20,000 volts are present at the anode terminal of the picture tube. Only replace fuses with fuses of the same value! A blown fuse indicates overload of a component. If the fuse is replaced with a higher value fuse, serious damage can be caused. Only replace components with original replacement parts. Never remove printed circuits/connections when the device is switched on. SERVICE MANUAL QIX
Gameplay
By pressing the corresponding start button, the game is started for one or (with a minimum credit of 2) for 2 players. The aim is to get as much area as possible without crossing the path of the rotating QIX and without hitting the wandering SPARX. The game is set up so that a minimum area must be occupied before the next area (round) can be attempted. The time-controlled SPARX are displayed at the top of the screen by red timing lines. When the red lines meet, additional SPARX are released. When the alarm is triggered, the SPARX become super SPARX and more aggressive. If your marker symbol enters the death spiral while you are trying to draw your area, it is destroyed because you cannot cross your own path or return. If you hesitate and do not complete your area, a fuse is lit and your marker symbol is destroyed. Two speed settings are available. At a slower drawing speed, the points are doubled. After opening the control panel, the 4 programming and test switches are accessible.
The QIX game is capable of self-checking, providing data and demonstrating that circuits and controls are working properly. For more information, see "Service Program". The volume can be adjusted on the volume control (VOLUME) on the Data/Sound PC-Board.
Programming and Test Switch: SUB-TEST
Function: Scroll to the next label
Programming and Test Switch: TEST
Function: Move on to the next program step (display)
Programming and Test Switch: Up
Function: Reset to factory setting (until the inscription is green), increment by 1 step (when the inscription is green) Programming and test switch: Down
Function: Countdown by 1 step
There is the possibility of installing a coin counter in the device. A line to a 412 V DC supply. A line to connection J 15 - 13 on the ROM/IC board.
SERVICE PROGRAM
General. For programming and testing, the 4 switches located in the device, the self-test button and the LEDs on the video PC board are used.
Programming display. With this display, the language (English, French, Spanish, German) in which the address programming and the game operate is selected. The languages can be set with the help of the "Sub-Test" switch. When the desired language appears in green, press the "Test" switch to switch to the next programming display. Operating programming. With this display, the difficulty level for the game can be determined. Furthermore, a "maximum number of credits" that may be present before the start of the game can be set. The label to be changed is set by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch (appears in green), the desired value for this line is programmed with the "Up" or "Down" switch. By repeatedly pressing the "Sub-Test" switch, the factory or default setting can be reached when the bottom line (RESET line) appears in green, press the "Up" switch. The values are reset, the pointer (so called green lines) jumps to the first line, further programming can take place. "Test" always triggers the next programming display. "Back" [Reserve High Score Value x 10 000) is used to transfer the High Score points to the next programming display until "High Hit Rate so far". This value determines the required number of points/hits that a player needs so that his own initials (name) and the hit points can be entered on the screen. The "Maximum number of credits" determines a coin acceptance limit for the device. If the limit is exceeded, the coin acceptance is locked if a coin lock is present. This can set a limited number of games for a player. This value is from 1 - 99. It should not be set so close to 99, so that by inserting a coin, the credits cannot become zero when over 99 is added. A free play mode can be selected by setting "Maximum number of credits" to O. Further programming: "Number of games": number of marking symbols per credit
"Threshold": The % value that must be reached to switch to the next round
"Time limit": Release for additional Sparx
"Difficulty": Difficulty level of the gameplay
"Anziehton": at "0" no tone in standby mode
at "1" tone also in standby mode (animation tone) "table model": at "0" standby device
at "1" table device
The credits per coin are set on the "Insert Coin Programming" display. High Score Program display (highest score so far"). The score points and initials of the player appear, including the next 10 score points. The values are used to set the high score selected on the previous display (set to "back"). Pressing the "Up" button sets the initials to QIX standard. Pressing the "Test" button displays the next program display. The "Total Evaluation". Pressing the "Up" button can be set to 0. The following values are recorded: Total Credit: The number of credits paid. The total number is not set to 0. When 1,000,000 is reached, counting starts again from the beginning. The total number can only appear at 0 when the battery or the W1 connector is removed with the device turned off. Left-side coins: Number of coins inserted in the left coin slot. Middle coins: (not available) Right-side coins: Number of coins inserted in the right coin slot. Paid Credits: Number of credits given for inserted (converted) coins. Granted Credits: Number of credits given by the device. % Free Games: Granted Credits (paid + granted credits per 100) Minutes Played: Number of minutes played. Won Minutes: Number of minutes in extended or won games. % Leisure Time: Won minutes/minutes played per 100. Average Game Duration in sec.: Minutes played/paid + granted credits
High Score (hit rate): number of times a player has had a high enough hit rate to knock other players off the high score list. Pressing the "Up" button resets the values to 0. Pressing the "Test" button displays the next program screen.
Slot programming/normal coin setting. With the help of this display, a standard coin setting can be selected or another setting can be programmed by the operator.
If a default setting is provided, the programming is selected by pressing the "Up" and "Down" buttons while the top digit is green on the screen. The size values change with the change of the digit. When the correct setting is reached by pressing the "Test" button, the setting is adopted. If a setting is desired that does not correspond to the default setting, the values can be set by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. After pressing it once, the top setting number is set to 0, which means that a custom setting is possible. Since the lower values are unchanged, the programmer can reduce his setting efforts by selecting a setting that is close to his desired values and only changing the values that are not appropriate. As soon as the setting is done, any new size to be set can be selected by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. If the "Up" and "Down" buttons are pressed unintentionally, the default setting appears. The "Coin Multiplier" ("Coin Unit") indicates how many coin units are given for each coin inserted through an associated slot. Coin units - "Credit" shows the number of units required before a credit is issued. "Bonus" coin units shows the required units before a bonus credit is issued. "Min. Coin" is a value that accumulates credits until a fixed minimum amount of coins is reached. In the default setting, this value is not used "0". CMOS MEMORY FAILURE
If "Memory Failure - Service Required" appears on the display, the CMOS RAM, where all the programming is stored, has failed. All values stored in the RAM are reset to factory default settings. This condition is probably due to battery failure or error.
ERROR SEARCH and SETTINGS
Beginning of the test method. Press the "Sub-Test" switch or the "Self-Test" button (SW 1 near the LED display). All LEDs should light up and the hardware test can begin. The tests and settings can be entered for the respective program display by pressing the "Test" button. If a continuous test of the video board is desired, the Self-Test button must be pressed twice so that the video test begins in the Auto-Test mode. In this program, the device will continuously perform the hardware test until it is turned off. If the display "Open Coin Door to Test" appears, the program plug J 19, 1 - 2 must be inserted. When plug J 19 is removed, the memory (memory) is protected and the CMOS RAM test video cannot be performed. Hardware tests: These tests are performed as follows: O = off / I = on / X = test results
The ROM checksum calculates the checksum of each video ROM and compares it with the checksum stored for this ROM. If there is a difference, the device stops and the value of the ROM with the wrong checksum appears on the LEDs. If the checksum ROM is faulty, U 10 is first displayed. If this test fails, the next ROM displayed on the LED display must be replaced. The E-PROM memory in a given game can be introduced as a bank (series) of either 2716 or 2732 E-PROMs. The E-PROM type for each series is selected by the decoding plug (26-00002-016 for 2716 or 26-00002-032 for 2732). Communications RAM from the video board
The Communications RAM test determines the functional reliability of the memory, which is shared by two processors, by storing a predetermined series of numbers in the RAM and then checking whether the storage was correct. LED value: 00 0010 If the Gerdt with the aforementioned display holds, an error has been discovered. If the Communications RAMs fail during the video board test, the error may have been caused by a defective wiring (RAM) or a fault in the data board. To locate the error, remove the data board from P 6 and repeat the test. A failure means: error in U 3, U 4 or associated circuits.
Video Board CMOS RAM
After values have been written to another part of the memory, the CMOS RAM is tested in the same way as the Communications RAM. If the test is passed, all memory locations are set to their previous value. LED value: 00 0011 If the device with the aforementioned display is still functioning, an error is present. In this case, check U 85 and U 86 and the circuits connected to them, or the decoding.
Check the video board color RAM by storing predetermined number sequences in the color RAM. These number sequences are checked for correctness when read back. LED value: 00 0100. If this value is displayed, an error is present. Check U 56, U 57, the multiplexer and decoder connected to it.
Video board (display RAM). The display RAM is tested by writing a pattern on each side. The results of these writes are compared to the original pattern. Any discrepancies cause the program to halt and the LEDs indicate the faulty RAM. If a display RAM fails, identify the problem and replace the RAM. If this diagnostic does not indicate a RAM failure (00 0101 on LEDs), it indicates that the next test is beginning (Data Hardware). The connection to the data processor must be present and it must be functional.
Unfortunately disappointed
The jacket arrived after 2 days with AMAZON logistics. That's also the reason for star No. 1. The second reason is that the correct jacket arrived without any noticeable sewing errors. BUT I must have been too excited about this jacket, because the disappointment was all the greater. I had oriented myself based on other reviews and ordered the jacket in L. Since it is supposed to fit so tightly and I didn't want to struggle with an S or M with my bust size... In the end, it would have fit in terms of length and at the waist... everywhere else I could swim. Moreover, the lining material was already coming out of the package and spreading everywhere. Just a shame... It will be sent back:/
Fast delivery and good processing
The jacket looks great. We were surprised by the good workmanship. You can wear it on both sides. We ordered it for our daughter and she is totally thrilled. She usually wears a size 158 and the size 36 fits her really well in this case and will probably still fit next year. We can recommend placing an order.
Robust quality
I chose the rubber pad c because I always work with wood on the car jack and that is not optimal. Unfortunately, I made a mistake and the pad does not fit perfectly. But that is my fault. I then made a slight change so that it fits. The pad looks very robust and you no longer damage the edges. You can use the groove or the entire surface. It worked without any problems. Nothing slips anymore. I would buy it again immediately.
Unfortunately too big for under 1 year
The product itself is quite okay, but not for children under one year. The chewing surface is too big for a small mouth. We bought it when our son was 7 months old and he couldn't use it because of its size. Now, at 12 months, we found it again and he can use it. He hasn't been able to bite anything with his few existing teeth. And when it was in the fridge, it calmed him down a lot.
Quality not good enough / Unfortunately declining
I must have been blinded by the sometimes overly enthusiastic reviews. I should mention that I already have two Lowepro backpacks in use. One is very large (for storing equipment) and the other is quite small for the most important, everyday things that you take with you. Because I just bought the Sigma 70-200 2.8, the small Lowepro has become too small and I need a replacement. I bought this backpack for a really affordable price (just under 29 euros) during Prime Day and was actually very happy with the purchase, having read many of the reviews beforehand. But when the backpack arrived yesterday, I was disappointed: For under 30 euros, it's not bad, but that's all you can say. But that it can keep up with the reputable products that are sold for much higher prices... People, that's just not true! I really hoped that it was, but it's just not the case. The padded walls are much thinner and don't offer the same protection as my Lowepro. And the partitions inside are of a completely different caliber, much more flimsy. Overall, the feel of this backpack can't be compared to my Lowepro. The zippers and materials of the compartments for small items are not exactly high quality either. That's why I've decided that the backpack is going back. If I buy equipment worth many thousands of euros, I unfortunately have to spend the money on a decent backpack. Quality apparently has its price. For someone who doesn't want to spend a lot of money, the backpack is probably a good choice, but not for me. And it's not like the decision was hard to make. When I unpacked the backpack, I knew after two minutes that it was going back. What I did like was the color inside. You can definitely find your things much faster with a colorful interior than with a gray one. For someone who has different demands on a backpack, the backpack is probably a great thing, but mine is going back.
Unfortunately disappointed by the third part
So far, I had liked the Electrik series by E. L. Todd the best, but my opinion was revised with this book. I had found the first two books very strong and also recommendable and had really been looking forward to the third part. In this part, it is all about the feelings of Volt and Taylor and I found it unnecessarily drawn out. Taylor has been swooning over Volt for so long, finally admits everything and then behaves like a little child and withdraws?! At the same time, there were also inconsistencies, in my opinion, because at the end of the second part, Volt still tried to convince Taylor's ex and did not believe him when he said that Taylor would stand by him and try to convince the ex that Taylor could not do without him and that he had heard it himself. But at the beginning of the third part, Volt seems to have forgotten everything and is fighting for Taylor. I had hoped that this would be the last part of the series and I think that this part is the weakest and also quite unnecessary. I will still read the fourth part and hope that it will finally come out that Taylor's girlfriend Sarah is Volt's ex. That would bring more excitement into the story.
Humans destroy everything, don't know how to appreciate things and don't learn from it! First of all: The film is not as bad as many people write. Of course, the story is totally constructed and designed according to the same scheme F. If you've seen the beginning, you know how the end is. And the message is always the same: Humans destroy everything, don't know how to appreciate things and don't learn from it! And that's exactly what the film wants to tell us! How many times did I think during the film (and even though I know it's just a film and the animals come from a computer): Oh my God, poor animals, it often makes my eyes fill with tears. Therefore, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is really well made. It's just a shame that humans don't get the message behind the film, even though it's a mainstream film. We consistently destroy the environment, animals and ultimately our planet, out of greed for profit and out of stupidity and arrogance! No empathy for the environment and living beings: Not present. 4 stars because the film is well made, but unfortunately always follows the same principle, otherwise there would have been 5 stars. Nevertheless, well-made popcorn cinema.
a quiet, sensitive film
Some people expect a film like 8 Mile here. This film is not a Hollywood blockbuster and does not want to be one. This film is above all "French" - it is also calm, sensitive, empathetic, authentic and brings you to tears - if you let yourself be drawn in and do not expect anything from it, which it does not want to be.
Problematic
Taste like Quench from the 90s, not like orange, but that doesn't matter. 5 days every morning a packet: nothing has changed, but absolutely nothing. My waistline has grown by 12 cm! Bloating like never before! Then diarrhea 5-8 times a day. Not very helpful, unfortunately, despite immediately stopping, the diarrhea has continued for 1 week. It should be noted that only 2 stars were given for the smaller package size, while the larger one received a full 5 stars? That's very strange!
Horrible smell and poor results! I dyed my blonde hair chocolate brown in October with an intense coloring, in February/March I used this hair color remover. I used the product twice. The first time I immediately noticed that it stinks terribly! However, there was still a not too bad result, it came out a bit like chestnut brown (a bit darker). Since I didn't achieve my desired result, I used it again, as instructed, even if the result wasn't satisfactory. This time it was a complete waste of time! It made no difference, my hair looked like it did in the first attempt. What was the worst thing was that it still smelled weeks after use... No matter how often I washed my hair, the smell just wouldn't go away.
Highly Recommended
I have been taking the tablets for a longer period of time now and always take one tablet every 5 days. My vitamin balance has been low for a long time due to my work, lack of exercise and an additional long-term illness. I wanted to help my immune system not only through healthy nutrition but also by taking vitamin D3 and K2. This is working out very well. I feel fitter and much better. I sleep better and get out of bed better. The price is also great as you also have to consider how long you can take the tablets. Absolutely recommended.
The function is not entirely satisfactory!!! After using the battery case for 3 months, I have discovered the following major defects, which I find very annoying: 1) The case has problems connecting to the phone over time. This means that the phone no longer charges even though you have pressed the "Power On/Off" button for 3 seconds. If you remove the phone from the case and put it back in, you can solve the problem in 70% of cases, but this creates a new defect. 2) Due to frequent removal and reinsertion of the phone into the case, the cover is now so worn that it comes off the case on its own, which is why I have almost lost it several times. These are not many major defects, but I think that a case with a battery should function perfectly in its function and that is why I am very disappointed with the product, especially since I have only been using it for 3 months, for the cost of 30€.
Too expensive, too thin and disappointing
I don't know how all these good reviews come about. Ultimately, it's just a glasses cleaning cloth that you get as a gift from every optician in a slightly smaller form. The cleaning effect is just as good as with a kitchen towel and no better. I had expected much more from these cloths, they are really very thin. Since I have used it, I can unfortunately no longer exchange it, I am disappointed and cannot recommend it from my point of view. The price for these cloths is far too high, you shouldn't pay more than 2 euros for them.
I doubt the frequency response
I bought this speaker for the shower when my smaller free speaker, which I received as a promotional gift, unfortunately broke. In general, the Onforu works great, is waterproof (it fell into the shower with me), gives bass like bass, Bluetooth works great... The suction cup does need to be watered, otherwise it will come off... It can play sound very loud... Yes... What I see critically is the frequency response of this little speaker. As I said, bass is played as bass and not converted into a higher frequency. However, this causes a problem. Some frequencies are played very loudly, while others remain very quiet. While some frequencies of the singing are almost painful in the ears, higher and lower frequencies are just barely audible. My old speaker didn't play bass well as bass, but the frequencies were represented in the volume quite naturally. With the Onforu, unfortunately, this is not really the case, which I find a bit annoying. Therefore, I have to deduct a star for this. I had expected more from the frequency response.
very bad
In a few places the paint was chipped and when you just walked over it with your hand, the paint came off in some places. We wanted to have it picked up for free because we didn't want it anymore, but unfortunately only at our own expense. They would only replace the damaged parts, but what if both cabinets were damaged. Poor service from the manufacturer Amazon took care of everything for us and refunded us the money. A big thank you to Amazon.
Rather spend a bit more money
The price is relatively low, which is noticeable in the quality. The product is delivered as individual parts that you have to glue together yourself. The product was packaged in a simple envelope made of thin cardboard. There was no additional protection. Since the postman stuffed the product right into my mailbox, a few templates were damaged. I didn't complain, as I urgently needed this product. The included glue hardly holds, but it sticks well - like chewing gum that doesn't get hard. Already one day after gluing, almost half of the templates had fallen off the wooden sticks. Since the glue material doesn't dry out (at least it was still not dry 5 days after gluing), you have to be very careful not to glue everything together. The templates are partially incomplete. For one-time use and as a gag for a party, it's okay, but for a wedding, I would invest a bit more money and go for a high-quality product.
I am not dissatisfied. The cabinet looks good and is easy to assemble, even if the instructions are not very clear. + Magnetic lock + nice appearance + stable when assembled + shelf can be positioned as desired
- Doors slam shut due to magnets (this can perhaps be compensated for with rubber stoppers) - some dirty spots
- the screws that come with it are much too small and wobble (I didn't have any others and I didn't have any glue at home, so I stuck them on with craft glue) - the holders for the shelf wobble a bit (I wrapped them in paper and balanced them out) Conclusion: If it didn't look so good and have such good measurements, I would give it fewer stars, because you have to make everything fit to be really satisfied. Also, I think it's a bit too expensive for that.
The coffee tastes good to me....but
...there are only 3 stars. The taste is subjectively good, but in my opinion the original capsules are better (but also much more expensive). In that respect, I would have given 5 stars. Unfortunately, the coffee does not flow evenly (if at all!). The additional plastic waste (individually packaged, see photo) also means a star deduction for me. I hope the manufacturer changes this and soon gets full marks.
Set an alarm for me
The alarm clock arrived quickly and everything is easy to set up. But: the natural sounds sound terrible and are extremely loud. I couldn't turn them down. Probably a defect, supposedly that's possible. Even the quietest radio setting was too loud for me, I would immediately wake up. In addition, the darkest display setting is so bright that you can cast a shadow on the wall with your hand. I always woke up when I turned my face towards the clock because I thought it was already morning. But when it actually was morning and the sunrise simulation began, it was immediately too bright for me. I liked the colors and even the color change, but unfortunately you can't dim the colored light. I also liked that it has a battery, so that in case of a power outage, the clock and the alarm time don't have to be re-entered. But I returned it for the reasons mentioned.
Light super, processing insufficient
I have replaced four light bulbs in my house with these lamps. Unfortunately, I could only replace four of them, because the other two were delivered without a holder - instead, a circuit board is laughing at me at this point... There was also nothing in the box. "6 pay - 4 receive" is not a good deal. Amazon would certainly have handled this quickly and generously, but I only noticed this after the return period had expired. So, I see this as my own mistake and I live with it. Nevertheless, it is not a good indication of the quality of these light bulbs - so far the only reason for two stars deduction. The light itself is great. The rooms are now very bright and evenly lit. The light color is more towards cool white. Perfect for hallways, home offices, workshops, laundry rooms, etc. For living areas, I would personally go for warmer light. It is comparable to a good old 100 watt bulb. Other lamps can do this too and I might get intact copies according to the order. If my review is helpful, I would appreciate a positive rating. I try to answer questions quickly.
Great
I received the utensils and I would like to share my first impression. Yes, it's positive. I hesitated for a long time whether to order this set or not. ** The material is sturdy and it feels good in the hand. **The utensils all have a hole on the handle to hang them up. ** The soft silicone does not scratch expensive cookware and pots and is especially practical to use on pans with a coating. **They are heat-resistant and can be used up to 440 ℉. **They also do not transfer heat and can be touched directly. **The dishwasher does leave water spots on the black silicone sometimes, but they disappear after a quick wipe. In the end, I must say that I am very surprised and I can only recommend them.
B-Ware sold as new goods
Amazon Prime delivery is simply top notch. Delivery within 24 hours. Then the shock, the faucet was unpacked and all parts were checked. We found out that the part had already been installed before. We had to note considerable scratches and scuffs on all the mounting parts. The screws/connections of the hoses were all damaged. Nevertheless, we installed the part in the sink (unfortunately). Only now did we see that there were scratches/streaks on the chrome-plated faucet itself. This part was probably delivered and sent back before. We are keeping this faucet and will install it in the sink in the basement because it doesn't matter how it looks there. Our conclusion: we will never order such goods through Amazon again, but rather spend a bit more in the hardware store where we get decent goods. I just find it sad that customers are treated like this!
The product itself is top, but the external sensor was broken after only 6 months.
In principle, I am very satisfied with this product. The installation was very easy and the radio range is very good, without any problems with transmission from inside to outside. I also like the design of the device. It is very simple and can be mounted on the wall or set up like a small picture frame. The only annoying thing is that after about half a year of use, the device that measures the values outside seems to be broken. The thermometer still seems to be intact and still displays plausible values. The hygrometer, on the other hand, is probably broken, as it always displays completely astronomical values for the humidity of the outside air. This is very unfortunate, as the device was installed outside in a protected place and is also the reason why I only give this product two stars.
Strong mower with weak catcher bag
Apart from the fact that the first delivery attempt is still happily driving around the country with Hermes to this day, without finding its way to me or back to Amazon, the service from Amazon was, as always, excellent with the triggering of a replacement delivery. The lawnmower arrived quickly and made a valuable impression. The engine is strong and it produces a nice cut. The noise level is not exactly impressively low, but it's okay. The big drawback is unfortunately the catcher. Firstly, it is only made of hard plastic at the top and bottom and fabric in between. If you put it down for just a short while when it's full, it naturally gets compressed and parts of the contents fall out. But worse than that, the actually practical fill level indicator shows red even when the catcher is only half full. That wouldn't be so bad if the lawnmower didn't then lose large parts of the cut grass. Emptying the basket every time it's only half full can't be the solution. That's why I cleaned the device as well as possible and sent it back. Conclusion: In principle, a very good lawnmower, but the unfortunate design of the catcher makes it unusable for me.
Good device for monitoring
I have two of these devices. The device is easy to integrate via the app. The included plug-in sensor cable is very useful and can be extended if needed. The device is solidly built. Room temperature and humidity are displayed, but are only shown once to three times a day (adjustable) in the app to conserve battery life. I am only giving it 4 stars for the following reasons: - The soft back of the device, which also closes the battery compartment, is difficult to close again. - One of the two devices is in a room with very thick walls. This device loses its connection to the network every 1 to 2 weeks. Unfortunately, the device does not reconnect on its own, even if you put it near the router. You have to remove the batteries and wait a short while before putting them back in, then it reconnects. This should actually work without removing the batteries. There is always an alarm when the connection is lost. - The alarm tone could be a bit louder.
3D Printer Prusa i3 DIY
I ordered this 3D printer because I wanted to use it for my own projects. Unfortunately, I have still not managed to level the hotbed properly. The right rear locking screw is completely tightened, but the hotbed is still too high there and the screw on the front right is practically falling out because it is not tightened at all, even though the hotbed is still too low. The rods that hold the carriage are straight, as is the table. Maybe someone knows what can be done about this, because it is impossible to print anything like this. As for assembly: assembly was relatively problem-free, but it would be helpful to show how to lay the cables because otherwise you have to redo them several times, which is very tiring. I have also already written to support, but after a week's wait I still have not received a response. Returning it is unfortunately no longer possible. I expected a bit more.
I am positively surprised by how robust and precise it is
My old measuring tape gave up the ghost after many years, so a new one had to be bought. This one looks very robust and is just as precise after several test measurements. Two batteries are included, so you can start using it right away. The packaging of the tape is simple, but it fully meets its purpose. Otherwise, the tape leaves nothing to be desired and has all the necessary measuring methods. I can only give it full marks and I believe it will last at least as long as the old measuring tape. This is a clear recommendation to buy and a good measuring instrument simply belongs in every household.
Nauseating, lasting smell
I bought the bracelet and haven't worn it in the meantime because it emits a disgusting smell. To this day, the smell hasn't gone away, even though it was constantly "aired out". Since it's no longer possible to return it, I've disposed of it. I would advise against buying it.
For the price, it's ok
The stars and balls on this necklace are a bit too big for my taste, so it looks quite massive. The larger balls are freely movable, which I quite like. However, the necklace is overall very simply made, so I have already torn the clasp open twice. So far, I have been able to repair it, but I don't think it will last for long. But for the low price, you can't really expect anything high-quality.
Very beautiful piece of jewelry
A beautifully crafted bracelet - and the simple clasp actually holds! You just have to pull the end through the hole, it can't come undone, amazing! I rubbed it with some leather care product, which made it even softer and more pliable. Only: if you have anything magnetic on your arm: the clasp is made of steel!
Unfortunately, it's junk! I was already disappointed after unpacking, because the small displays of the transmitters were all scratched, so I had the feeling that it was used goods. The base station was okay. Now to the function: It only connects after some fiddling around.... If you follow the instructions, it doesn't work at all, only after I removed a battery from the base station again and put it back in, did the transmitters finally connect. Unfortunately, my joy didn't last long, because after just an hour the connection was gone again, even though the transmitters were lying next to the base station. Also, the display of the three transmitters was very different! All in all, not something I could use! The thing was returned! I would definitely advise against buying it, it only brings trouble!
Transport damage
Hello, I already had this garden pump before, unfortunately after 3.5 years the thread of the inner shaft was rusted. I only bought it again for one reason, I urgently needed it because of the current drought and I knew the connections of the suction line and the discharge line would fit. I hope that the shaft on the previous pump had a production defect and the current pump will last a little longer. Unfortunately, the new pump had transport damage, the plastic housing was torn and the ventilation slots were broken. The box was also damaged from the outside, so I would recommend packing the pump a little better in the future, rather than just using a thin-walled box. I still kept the pump, as described above, I urgently needed the pump and the cracks in the plastic housing did not affect the pump's performance.
It could have been better thought out. Since I often have to deal with many different keys, I thought that having an organizer like this is more convenient than carrying around a huge bunch of keys all the time. At first, everything went quite well. However, the paint started to come off quite quickly and the screws always had to be tightened again. It's nice that it can be done with a penny coin, but only with a penny coin. I couldn't find a suitable screwdriver that wouldn't immediately ruin the entire screw. Now, to come to the most annoying part of the whole thing: attaching the keys. It's nice that you can adjust the screw to different sizes or lengths through the different parts, but once you've screwed everything together, you need pliers to take it apart again. Attaching the keys is simply a game of patience, balance, and skill. Ultimately, the screw broke off in the thread during the third time I assembled it, making the entire thing unusable. Conclusion: If at all, only for all the necessary keys at once and then never again. But at that price, you can also buy a cheaper alternative.
Do not quite correspond to the specified dimensions
The zippers are easy to use, the material feels robust and it's all in a lightweight design. Since I have no comparison (this is my first organizer set), I will only be able to judge the product after the first use. In advance, I can already say that the height is lower than stated. At the moment, I can't really imagine packing everything there for a three-week vacation, for example. If necessary, the really large items can be packed directly in the suitcase - as before. It should also be noted that not 8, but 10 parts were delivered, as there were two smaller bags/pouches in the round cosmetic bag. Although not high-quality, I still wanted to mention it. The fact that the cosmetic bag has a different color and is made of a different material than the other bags doesn't bother me personally. I see the price-performance ratio as a trial price and that's okay.
So lala
So, I ordered it before Christmas and it worked until after Christmas. Now, when I wanted to use it again, it didn't work anymore. Battery? Changed. But it still doesn't work. So I could have just thrown the money in the trash.
Maintenance is always good! The application is simple, but you should be very careful with the brush not to damage the needle. I could not hear any improvement in sound from my very high-quality turntable.
Long battery life
The headphones are wonderfully protected. Two black cables were included. The battery life lasts a very long time. The sound is definitely completely sufficient. I liked that the headphones do not hurt even after long periods of wearing and are therefore very comfortable. The ear cups are very soft and pleasant to wear. The weight is also kept very low. Recommended purchase in this price range.
Stylish dress
Very nice dress, which is suitable for a variety of occasions. The price-performance ratio is absolutely right, especially since I bought it in a flash sale. It fits perfectly in my size, I'm glad I didn't order it smaller (as recommended). I only wish the neckline wasn't so deep, and the sleeves could handle a bit more fabric (if you don't have arms as slim as the model in the picture). But overall, a stylish dress for many occasions.
Stay away. It can't get any worse. I really and seriously didn't expect that such a piece of junk would be sold today. The drive is installed on a high-end Asus ROG Strix Scar II gaming laptop. It can be assumed that the USB ports provide sufficient power. Nevertheless, trouble-free operation of this drive is not possible. DVDs usually work, but Blu-rays are at best recognized unreliably. The discs have to be inserted multiple times, after which the drive makes grinding noises that you haven't heard since the 90s from old PCs and the very first CD-ROM drives. After a few minutes, you can either restart the computer because it won't work anymore or the disc is finally recognized. But then you are not allowed to press pause or skip to a chapter or change the language or anything else. This immediately leads to an unrecoverable freeze. In addition, of course, no Blu-ray software is included. If you buy PowerDVD or something similar for an additional fee, the price of this drive doubles.
It does what it's supposed to do, but it's not pretty. First of all, I want to emphasize that the two USB ports are actually just a gimmick, because only the port that points upwards is a USB port. The other plug is only there to charge some device or other and is therefore relatively useless. I didn't know that at the time of purchase, which is why I was a little disappointed. I actually needed a second port and if I had only needed a boring extension, I probably wouldn't have bought this ugly lump with golden plugs. But apart from the appearance and my misjudgment, the extension does its job very reliably. And because of the weight of the plug, the inserted USB stick doesn't just hang around randomly, like with a normal extension cord. So it's not really a bad purchase, but my enthusiasm is limited :-).
Small but mighty! I bought this product so that I could have an audio output and a display connection on my iPad (Pro). With IOS 12, you can now also push data back and forth. This works very well. The audio output was also as expected. Other adapters that I had to send back could not do this. The HDMI output is practical. I now have a PS4 controller connected via Bluetooth to the tablet and the HDMI to the TV. Simultaneous charging is no problem. The sound is delivered via HDMI. What else do I use my PlayStation for:P There was a small adapter included that can be attached to the tablet. This is supposed to provide stability and also has a magnetic holder. With my case, it doesn't fit with the adapter. Well, it still holds securely and has contact, so... All in all, it's a bit expensive, but justified by the full range of functions. It's also very small and sturdily made from aluminum. Price-performance ratio is good.
A lot of power
Great device. It has been running for months without any problems. It is not exactly light or quiet, but it delivers good performance. I find the middle temperature setting (Tp setting) to be a bit too cold and therefore I always use level 2. It has also fallen onto the tiled floor several times and survived well. And I also like the simple design. Competitor products often look like spaceships.
Very good
The processing of the brush head has left a very good impression, although the price difference compared to the original is very large, but does not make a cheap impression. In use, the feeling of a high-quality process is confirmed. Overall, I found these brushes to be very good and can be recommended without reservation.
Great product with weak battery
We have had the tracker for about 6 months and we are positively surprised. In live mode, the location is accurate to within 0.5m. In offline mode, when the dog is in the house, it sometimes jumps a few meters, but this is not a problem. I would buy it again anytime. What would be great, however, would be a battery that lasts longer. Currently, it lasts about 1.5 hours a day. A solution that would last 7-14 days would be great. There is an XL version, but unfortunately, it is too big for our taste. The battery would not have to last that long and we find it impractical to change it every day. We should be busy with our dog, not with its collar:-). The app also worked perfectly.
After just a few weeks of garbage
We have already ordered the shoes in several sizes. They fit well and seem to be comfortable. However, the lifespan is decreasing more and more. Although my son only wears the shoes for gym class, the sole is already broken after just a few weeks and the shoes can no longer be used. With the last pair, it was also the case that they did not last very long in normal use, but I thought they would be sufficient for school. Unfortunately, that was not the case. The shoes are expensive rubbish and absolutely not recommended.
Fits perfectly - but is it the original? My last pair of Crocs unfortunately broke after 5 years, so I happily ordered a new pair. Unfortunately, these ones are poorly made at first glance. They are just as comfortable as the ones I had before. At first glance, there doesn't seem to be any difference, but on closer inspection, you can see that the edges are poorly made and the strap at the heel is quite loose and will most likely not last five years like my previous ones. I'm curious!
Surprisingly good
As there are hardly any reviews here yet, I was very skeptical at first. However, since I am going to a festival this year and would like to sleep in my car, I decided to order them on a whim. The delivery included the mattress and an air pump for the car. Regarding the mattress: I tried it out in my car (Citroen Berlingo). I noticed that there was some mold on one side. I wiped it off and hope it doesn't come back. In the inflated state, a lying test was immediately carried out. It is comfortable to lie on and is perfect for the festival. Of course, this mattress cannot replace your own bed, but for a few days at the event, it is pure luxury. The mattress fits perfectly in my car. We removed the seats in the back beforehand. It fits perfectly. The air pump: The air pump has various adapters. The mattress requires two different adapters, which can also be found on the pump. The pump is plugged into the cigarette lighter in the car. However, the plug was defective (something on the soldering point). Since my boyfriend is handy, he was able to repair it and once it was reassembled, it worked perfectly and pumped up the mattress in no time. Overall, I am very impressed with the mattress. I am curious to see how it holds up at the festival. I hope it doesn't lose air and lasts a long time. Likewise, I hope the mold doesn't come back. After the test, I can already recommend it. If I have any other experiences, I will revise the review accordingly (if possible).
Definitely not worth more than 10€... Unfortunately, the calendar only gets two stars from me. :( 1. For the fast shipping. 2. For the idea of the toy. Unfortunately, the calendar was torn apart by the poor workmanship on day 1 over several doors. On the 21st door, there were no doors left and I had to more or less allow my son to take out the remaining parts as they were practically already falling out. The parts often come out in the wrong order, which often means that you have to take the car apart again to put the parts back in. Once the car is completely built, parts fall off during play. (Mostly the front windshield. This is also very difficult to reattach.) In general, I would not buy this calendar again and would not recommend it to anyone. Perhaps the manufacturers will rethink the way they designed the calendar for the next edition and do it better. :\
a real drone
I am thrilled with the drone. My 7-year-old daughter flies it. It flies very well indoors and the 5-minute flight time is usually enough. I didn't expect anything else at this price, but I did expect that hair would get caught in it and that the drone would break very quickly. But crashes from the ceiling to the floor, whether on tiles or carpet, are no problem. Friendly contact if you have any questions.
The game is okay, but it can only be played with the forced installation of Steam. I didn't see when I bought it that it wasn't a game CD, but just a code with which you can download the game. That would be okay, but you are forced to install Steam in order to be able to play it at all, which is outrageous. Since then, the computer has been constantly freezing, which certainly wouldn't happen with a simple installation of the game.
Unfortunately, it fails due to the battery life
I was really looking forward to the watch. The design and look are great, messages etc. were displayed without any problems. The operation worked well.... and yet I am sending it back. The big downside: the battery and its runtime. Charged in the evening, left on the dresser overnight and in the morning there was 11% less battery life when not in use. If there were many messages during the day, the battery was already dead by midday/early afternoon and then you can't even read the time. Therefore, it is not useful for me. Very disappointing.
Noble case with limitations
For the slippery Samsung Galaxy S10+, you should definitely get a case. I recently liked cases that you can also put your credit card in. This case offers that. If you put cards in all three compartments, it gets too much, then the lid stands up a bit. One is enough for me. The leather case looks robust and seems to be well made. It looks elegant. The phone is embedded all around, only the connections have cutouts. Otherwise, you can easily operate the on/off switch and volume control on the sides through the case. The disadvantage is that it is not possible to charge the phone on some QI chargers due to the thickness of the case. Even on the QI charging station made of leather from TORRO, it doesn't work. You can only charge accessories - like the Galaxy Buds - when the case is off. Otherwise, it's really stylish and well made!
High-quality case with bulletproof film
The robust case with real bulletproof glass as protection for the screen in a classic design offers all-round protection for the entire iPhone 11. It fits very well and can also be put on easily. The material is pleasant to the touch and does not get dirty. A really successful and beautiful product with a very good price-performance ratio. This case gives the phone some stability. It is not too bulky and fits firmly on the phone. Overall, a good purchase.
