"We now have 4-month-old mice that don't have diabetes, but used to," he added.
Professor Ehud Ur in medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and also chair of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association, recalled that they had only just begun the research.
Like some other experts, he is sceptical about whether his diabetes can be cured, noting that these findings have no value for people who already have type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, announced during a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden that the committee could not reach Bob Dylan directly to tell him that he had won the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature and would not make any more effort to reach him.
Danius said, "We're not doing anything right now. I've called and emailed his closest colleague and received polite answers. That's enough for now."
Previously, Jamie Siminoff, the CEO of Ring, noted that the company was founded when his store's doorbell was not audible in his garage.
He said that he then made a wifi doorbell.
Siminoff said sales took off after he appeared on an episode of Shark Tank in 2013, where the show's panel declined to fund the startup.
At the end of 2017, Siminoff was on the QVC home shopping channel.
Ring also settled a lawsuit with ADT Corporation, a competing security company.
One experimental vaccine appears to be able to reduce Ebola deaths, but so far no drugs have been clearly shown to work in treating existing infections.
A cocktail of antibodies, ZMapp, initially looked promising in the field, but official studies showed it had fewer benefits than hoped in preventing people dying.
ZMapp was a control in the PALM trial, so scientists used it as a baseline and compared the other three treatments to it.
The U.S. Olympic Committee has USA Gymnastics' support and understands the need for the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all athletes.
We join the USOC in its statement that it is best for our athletes and clubs, and their sport, to make meaningful changes to our organization rather than pursue certification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that can provide more clarity on how abuse of this scale, so courageously described by the survivors of Larry Nassar, could go undetected for so long and embraces any and all necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal: to ensure athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and empowering environment by making the sport of gymnastics and all sports as safe as possible.
During the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as an advisor to John F. Kennedy and then to the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
He advised Carter on foreign policy during the 1976 presidential campaign, and then succeeded Henry Kissinger as National Security Advisor (NSA), serving from 1977 to 1981.
As NSA, he assisted Carter in the diplomatic handling of global issues, such as the Camp David Accords in 1978, stabilizing the relationship between the US and China at the end of the 1970s, and the Iranian Revolution, the subsequent hostage crisis and the Soviet Union's invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The film, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, was nominated in all the major categories.
Gosling and Stone were both nominated for Best Actor and Best Actress respectively.
Other categories included best film, director, cinematography, costume design, film editing, original music, production design, music, sound effects and original screenplay.
The film's songs "Audition (The Fools Who Dream)" and "City of Stars" were nominated for Best Original Song. Lionsgate received 26 nominations, a record for a studio.
In a statement from his press secretary, the American president Donald Trump announced on Sunday evening that American troops would be withdrawing from Syria.
The announcement came after a telephone conversation between Trump and the Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The Turks also indicated in the communiqué that they would guard the imprisoned ISIS fighters, which Europe did not want to take back.
This not only proves the already widespread theory that at least certain dinosaurs had feathers, but also provides more details than fossils, such as the color and three-dimensional placement.
According to scientists, the plumage of this animal was chestnut brown with a pale or carotenoid-coloured underside.
The discovery also provides insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
The researchers concluded that the rachis was probably a later evolutionary development, because dinosaur feathers do not have a well-developed shaft, or rachis, but do have other feather characteristics - such as barbs.
The structure of the feathers suggests they were not used for flight, but for temperature regulation or display. The researchers suggested this was the tail of a young dinosaur, but this monster shows adult feathers, not the down of a chick.
The researchers suggested that, although it is the tail of a young dinosaur, the creature had the adult feathering, not the down of a chick.
Yesterday morning, a car bomb exploded at the main police station in Gaziantep, Turkey. Two police officers were killed and more than twenty other people were injured.
Among the wounded are nineteen police officers, said the governor.
Police suspect a suspected Daesh (ISIS) militant of the attack.
This showed that the sun follows the same basic principles as other stars: all stellar activity in the system is based solely on the brightness and rotation of the stars.
Brightness and rotation are used to determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to plasma flow.
The fewer Rossby waves, the less active the star is when it comes to magnetic reversals.
Iwasaki got into trouble at various points during his journey.
Pirates robbed him, a rabid dog attacked him in Tibet, he escaped marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard is compatible with both frequencies: 2.4 Ghz and 5.0 Ghz.
Provided the base station has dual radios, this allows backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g.
802.11n speeds are substantially faster than those of predecessors with a maximum theoretical capacity of 600Mbit/s.
Duvall is married with two children and made no great impression on Miller, to whom the story was related.
Asked for comment, Millar replied, "Mike talks a lot during the hearing ... I was preparing, so I wasn't really listening to him."
"We will make our best efforts to reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a significant margin compared with the 2005 level by 2020," Hu said.
He has not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be determined by China's economic output.
Hu urged developing countries to "avoid the old way of polluting first and cleaning up later."
He added that 'on the other hand, they should not be asked to take on commitments that are beyond their development, level, responsibility and capabilities.'
The Iraqi study group presented their report today at 12.00 GMT.
The caution is that no one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point will not end up fueling sectarian warfare, increasing violence or the slide toward chaos.
The report begins with an argument for open discussion and consensus-building in the US on Middle East policy.
The report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the current administration's policy toward Iraq and urges a change of course.
The report contains 78 recommendations, the first of which is that diplomatic action should be taken this year to protect Iraq's borders from hostile powers and to restore diplomatic relations with neighboring countries.
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, senator and wife of the Argentine president, announced last night in La Plata, a city 50 km (31 miles) from Buenos Aires, that she wants to stand as president.
Mrs Kirchner announced her intention to run for the presidency at the Argentine Theatre, where she launched her 2005 Senate campaign as a member of the Buenos Aires provincial delegation.
The debate was sparked by a discussion about investing and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, with some fiscal conservatives jokingly calling it "The Bush New Orleans Deal."
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction effort has focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to alleged Washington insiders.
The funeral was attended by more than four million people in Rome.
There were so many people present that not everyone could get access to the funeral in Saint Peter's Square.
Large television screens were placed in various places in Rome so that people could see the ceremony.
Similar set-ups were made in many other Italian cities and around the world, especially in Poland, where a large number of people watched.
Historians have criticized earlier FBI policies for focusing resources on easily solved cases, primarily those involving stolen cars, in order to boost the bureau's success rate.
Starting in fiscal year 2005, Congress funded the obscenity initiative and directed the FBI to devote 10 agents to adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the highest score of the innings with 70 runs off just 41 balls, hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
In the middle order, the batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid performed well and together made a hundred runs.
But after losing the captain's wicket, India could only manage 36 runs, losing 7 wickets to end the innings.
United States President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on the morning of November 16 for a week-long tour of Asia.
He was received by Wong Kan Seng, the Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore, and discussed problems in the areas of trade and terrorism with the Prime Minister of Singapore, Lee Hsien Loong.
Bush spoke to a crowd this week after the midterm election losses about increasing trade relations with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the government's Clean Air Act to an all-party committee for review prior to second reading, following a 25-minute meeting with NDP Leader Jack Layton at the PMO on Tuesday.
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, Layton called for changes to the Conservatives' environment bill, asking for it to be "fundamentally and completely rewritten."
Since the federal government took over funding of the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the government and some federal MPs have criticised the law as a stunt during the early stages of the federal election campaign to be held in November.
However, Prime Minister John Howard said the legislation was aimed only at preventing the Tasmanian government from downgrading the hospital's services by providing an extra A$45 million.
According to the latest bulletin, the sea level indicated a tidal wave. There is some clear tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
No major damage or serious injuries have been reported in Tonga, although power was out for some time, which appeared to prevent Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami warning from the PTWC.
The warnings were canceled, but still, 14 schools in Hawaii were closed all day Wednesday because they were on or near coastlines.
George W. Bush, the leader of the US, welcomed the announcement.
A Bush spokesman, Gordon Johndroe, described North Korea's pledge as "a major step forward in our goal of denuclearizing the Korean peninsula."
The tenth storm of the Atlantic hurricane season to be named, subtropical storm Jerry, formed today over the Atlantic Ocean.
According to the NHC (National Hurricane Center), Jerry is currently not a danger to the mainland.
According to calculations by the U.S. Corps of Engineers, 6 inches of rain could possibly cause the previously damaged dikes to break.
In the Ninth Ward, the water stood at more than 20 feet high during Hurricane Katrina. Even now, the water is up to waist-high, because the nearby levee could not hold back the water.
The water is flowing over a 100-foot-wide section of the dike.
Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustrations about the deletion during his interview with Wikinews last month.
'He [Wales] basically lied to us from the beginning, first by pretending it was about legal reasons, second by pretending to listen to us until he removed the art.'
The community's frustrations have resulted in the current effort to establish a policy regarding the site's sexual content, which hosts millions of pieces of media content under an open license.
The completed work was primarily theoretical in nature, but the program was written for the simulation of observations of the Sagittarius Galaxy.
The team was looking for the effect that would be caused by the tidal forces between the dark matter of the universe and that of the Milky Way.
Similar to how the moon exerts a force on Earth, leading to tides, the Milky Way exerts a force on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The researchers concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way as ordinary matter.
According to this theory, most of the dark matter in a galaxy is located around it, in a kind of ring, and consists of a large number of smaller particles.
On television images you can see white smoke coming from the plant.
Local authorities have issued the following warning: residents living near the factory should stay indoors, turn off air conditioners and not drink tap water.
Japan's nuclear watchdog says radioactive cesium and iodine have been detected at the plant
The authorities suspect that this indicates that containers with uranium fuel may have been torn and leaked at the site.
XDR-TB (Extremely Drug Resistant Tuberculosis) was discovered by Dr. Tony Moll in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa.
He stated in an interview that the new variant is ‘very alarming and worrying because of the very high mortality rate’.
Doctor Moll thinks that some patients have contracted the disease in the hospital, including two healthcare workers from the hospital.
An infected person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts in a year.
The percentage of XDR-TB among all tuberculosis patients, however, still seems low: 6,000 out of 330,000 infected people in total at any given time in South Africa.
The satellites, both weighing more than 1,000 pounds and moving at about 17,500 miles an hour, collided 491 miles above Earth.
Scientists say that the collision caused a huge explosion.
They are still trying to figure out how big the collision was and how it will affect Earth.
The United States Strategic Command of the American Ministry of Defense is tracing the debris.
The result of the plot analysis is posted on a public website.
A Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, children's hospital doctor is being charged with aggravated murder after her mother's body was found in the trunk of her car Wednesday, according to Ohio officials.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found in his T-shirt, underwear and heavily medicated state along a roadway in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati.
She sent officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
It was here they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, covered in blood-stained blankets.
Police said the body had been there for about a day.
The first cases of the disease were reported at the end of July this season.
Pigs carry the disease and pass it on to humans via mosquitoes.
In response to the epidemic, the government of India has decided to deploy people to catch pigs in the worst affected parts of the country, distribute thousands of mosquito nets and spread pesticides.
The government has promised several million doses of encephalitis vaccine, so that health authorities can prepare for next year.
Plans to deliver vaccines this year to the places historically hardest hit have been delayed by a lack of funding and low priority because of other diseases.
Słania moved to Sweden in 1956, where he started working for the Swedish postal service three years later, where he became chief engraver.
He produced more than 1000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is recognised for its quality and detail and his name is a household word among stamp collectors, some of whom focus solely on collecting his work.
The beautiful stamp 'Great Deeds by Swedish Kings', made by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000 and which is mentioned in the Guinness Book of Records, was his 1,000th stamp.
He engraved banknotes for many countries, and recent examples of his work include the portraits of the Prime Minister on the front of the new Canadian $5 and $100 notes.
After the accident, Gibson was taken to the hospital where he died shortly thereafter.
The 64-year-old truck driver was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was removed from the scene of the accident at around 12:00 GMT on the same day.
A worker at a garage near the accident said: 'There were children waiting to cross and they were all screaming and crying.'
They all ran back from the scene of the accident.
Other issues on the Bali agenda include protecting the world's remaining forests, as well as sharing technologies to help developing countries grow in a less polluting way.
The U.N. also hopes to establish a fund to help countries deal with global warming.
Flood-resistant homes, more efficient water management and crop diversification could be investments where the money could be used.
Fluke wrote: Some people tried to stop women from speaking out about women's health, but those efforts were unsuccessful.
She based this on the many positive comments and expressions of support from both men and women who felt that contraception should be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting stopped after the wounded were taken to hospital, about 40 of the other remaining prisoners remained in the courtyard and refused to return to their cells.
Negotiators tried to get the situation back on track, but the prisoners' demands are unclear.
Between 22:00-23:00 local time, prisoners started a fire in the courtyard.
Agents clad in riot gear quickly entered the yard and cornered the prisoners with tear gas.
The fire brigade was able to give the all clear at 11:35.
Seasonal flooding, which would have spread sediment downstream, ended after the dam was built in 1963.
This sediment was necessary for creating sandbars and beaches, which served as habitats for wild animals.
The result was that two fish species became extinct and two other species are threatened with extinction, including the Gila cypha.
After the flood, the water level will rise only a few meters, but officials hope that this will be enough to restore the eroded sandbanks that lie downstream.
There is no tsunami warning issued. According to the geophysical bureau of Jakarta, that will not happen because the earthquake was not of magnitude 6.5, which is the minimum requirement to issue a tsunami warning.
There was no tsunami threat, but residents panicked and left their businesses and homes.
Although Winfrey said goodbye with tears in her eyes, she promised her fans that she would be back.
'I'm not saying goodbye. This is the end of one chapter and the beginning of another.'
The Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections have been won by the incumbent president, Hifikepunye Pohamba, with a large lead.
Currently, the SWAPO (South West Africa People's Organisation) is the ruling party, with a majority in the parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan forces entered the area to secure the site and another coalition aircraft was sent to provide support.
The helicopter crashed high in mountainous terrain and is believed to have been caused by hostile fire.
Attempts to locate the site of the accident are being hampered by bad weather and rough terrain.
According to the medical charity Mangola, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization, it is the worst recorded outbreak in the country.
Richard Veerman, spokesperson for Doctors Without Borders, says: 'Angola is on its way to the worst outbreak ever and the situation in the country remains very bad.'
It was beautiful weather when the game started at 10.00 in the morning. Halfway through the morning there was a bit of drizzle, but it quickly cleared up again. It was a perfect day for Rugby Sevens.
Tournament favourites South Africa got off to a good start with a comfortable 26-00 win over fifth-placed Zambia.
Although they played very stiffly against their southern sisters, South Africa managed to improve itself in the tournament.
They stood out for their tight defense, control of the ball and excellent teamwork and were clearly the main opponent.
Amsterdam officials and staff at the Anne Frank House say the tree has a fungus and poses a public health risk because they say it could fall over.
The tree was scheduled to be cut down on Tuesday, but an emergency injunction from the court prevented this.
The entrances of the cave were called 'The Seven Sisters' and all have a diameter of at least 100 to 250 meters.
Infrared images show that the temperature is different at night and during the day and reveal that they are probably caves.
During the day they are cooler than the surrounding surface and at night they are warmer.
"The thermal behavior of these is not as stable as that of large caves on Earth, which often maintain a fairly constant temperature. What is consistent is that they are deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Team and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting has traditionally required little technology: voters go into a booth and put a pre-printed piece of paper into an envelope indicating which candidate they are voting for.
Officials first check the identity of the voter. Then the voter puts the envelope in the ballot box and then signs the electoral roll.
The process is relatively tightly defined in France's electoral law.
Ballot boxes have been required to be transparent since 1988, so that both voters and observers can see that there are no envelopes in the box at the start of voting and that no envelopes are added other than those from registered and authorized voters.
Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process. Volunteers count the votes in the evening under strict supervision and according to specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, which was launched worldwide earlier due to cost savings and various functionalities, was extensively discussed in the Taipei IT Month of 2007.
However, the consumer market for laptop computers is very diverse and has changed after ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award by the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China in 2007.
The station's website describes the show as 'old school radio drama with a new and unheard twist'!
Initially, the show was only broadcast on the long-running radio website TogiNet Radio, a website about radio talk shows.
At the end of 2015, the AstroNet Radio substation was established.
The series originally featured local amateur voice actors from East Texas.
The widespread looting reportedly continued overnight because there were no law enforcement officers on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one person as an "anarchic state" where gangs roamed the streets and shops selling consumer goods were looted.
In Bishkek, several people blamed the unrest on demonstrators from the south.
In the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in the South African Rustenburg, the same country knocked out the New Zealand All Blacks in a match of the rugby union Tri Nations.
The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, which ended the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
The Springboks finally won, after losing five games in a row.
It was the last match for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
The final match of the series is next week at Ellis Park in Johannesburg, as the Springboks play Australia.
On Monday at 10:08 a.m. the west of Montana was shaken by a moderate earthquake.
There were no reports of damage at the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Earthquake Information Center.
The quake was centered about 20 kilometers (15 miles) northeast of Dillon and about 65 kilometers (40 miles) south of Butte.
On Monday, a dead wild duck was found in the marshland near Lyon in eastern France, which was confirmed to have been infected with the H5N1 bird flu virus, which is deadly to humans.
After Italy, Greece, Bulgaria, Slovenia, Germany and Austria, France is the seventh country in the European Union to be affected by this virus.
Suspected H5N1 cases in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers sued God for "the widespread killing, destruction and terrorisation of many millions of earthlings."
Agnost Chambers says his lawsuit is "frivolous" and "anyone can sue anyone."
The French opera is a story by Camille Saint-Saens and is about an artist 'whose life is determined by the love of drugs and Japan.'
As a result, the performers smoke cannabis on stage. The theatre itself encourages the audience to join in.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Rep. Michele Bachmann finished fourth, fifth and sixth, respectively.
After the results were in, Gingrich praised Santorum but criticized Romney, whose campaign in Iowa had run negative ads against Gingrich.
Perry said he would "go back to Texas to assess the results of tonight's vote to determine whether there is a path forward for me in this race," but later said he would stay in the race and compete in South Carolina's Jan. 21 primary.
The winner of the Ames Straw Poll in August, Bachmann, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was then taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he died.
Sources said he was in his 20s. "I was not present nor directly involved with this unfortunate incident, but I am keeping the victim's family in my thoughts and prayers," Bieber said in a statement.
The celebrity news website TMZ says the photographer parked his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take photos of the traffic stop before crossing the street and taking more photos, prompting the California Highway Patrol officer overseeing the traffic stop to ask him to go back to his car twice.
The driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer will probably not be prosecuted, according to the police.
Only 18 medals are awarded each day, so many countries missed out on the podium.
Among them are the Netherlands, where Anna Jochemsen came ninth yesterday in the standing class for women in the Super-G, and Finland, where Katja Saarinen came tenth in the same event.
Australia's Mitchell Gourley finished 11th of the men in the standing Super-G, while his Czech counterpart Oldrich Jelinek was 16th in the sitting Super-G.
Arly Velasquez of Mexico finished in 15th place in the men's Super-G (sitting), while New Zealander Adam Hall finished in ninth place in the Super-G (standing).
The blind skier Maciej Krezel from the Polish men's team and his guide Anna Ogarzynska were thirteenth in the Super G. The South Korean Jong Seork Park was twenty-fourth in the men's sitting Super-G.
The UN peacekeeping force, which arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake, is being held responsible for the spread of the disease that has broken out in the troops' camp.
The trial revealed that the waste from the UN camp was poorly treated, which allowed bacteria to enter the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest rivers.
Haiti had not had an outbreak of the disease since 1800, until the troops arrived.
The Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti cited independent students who said the Nepalese U.N. peacekeeping battalion unwittingly brought the disease to Haiti.
According to Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, the outbreak was probably caused by the peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed the patient was admitted to Howard University Hospital and is in stable condition.
The patient had been to Nigeria, where the Ebola virus was already present to a small extent.
The hospital followed the infection control protocol, including isolating the patient to prevent others from becoming infected.
Before The Simpsons, Simon worked in various capacities on a number of series.
In the 1980s, he appeared on shows such as Taxi, Cheers and The Tracey Ullman Show.
In 1989, he worked with Brooks and Groening on The Simpsons and was responsible for recruiting the first writing team.
After leaving the series in 1993, he remained an executive producer on paper, which allowed him to receive royalties for each episode, worth several tens of millions of dollars.
The Chinese press agency Xinhua earlier reported that a plane had been hijacked.
Later reports also indicate that a bomb threat was called in on the plane, causing it to be diverted back to Afghanistan and land in Kandahar.
Initial reports suggest the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after being refused permission to land in Ürümqi.
Plane accidents are common in Iran, which has an aging fleet of aircraft that are poorly maintained for both civilian and military operations.
Due to international sanctions, no new planes can be purchased.
Earlier this week, an accident with a police helicopter cost three people their lives and three more were injured.
Last month, Iran suffered its worst air disaster in years when a plane en route to Armenia crashed, killing all 168 on board.
In the same month, another passenger plane crashed from a runway in Mashhad, crashing into a wall and killing 17 people.
Aerosmith has cancelled the remaining concerts of their tour.
The rock band's tour would travel through the USA and Canada until September 16.
They cancelled the tour after singer Steven Tyler was injured when he fell off the stage during a performance on August 5.
Murray lost the first set in a tiebreak, after both men gave away no points at all when they were serving in the whole set.
Del Potro had an early lead in the second set, but again a tiebreak followed after it became 6-6.
Potro was treated for his shoulder at the time, but managed to continue the match.
The local start time of the program was 20:30 (15:00 UTC).
Famous singers from all over the country sang bhajans or religious songs at the feet of Shri Shyam.
The evening started with the singer Sanju Sharma, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. Lakka Singh also presented the Chhappan bhog bhajan. The singer Raju Khandelwal helped him with this.
Lakkha Singh then sang the bhajans.
Baba Shyam was served 108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, this is 56 different edible items, such as sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes, etc. that are offered to the holy figure).
Lakkha Singh also presented the Chhappan bhog bhajan, with the help of singer Raju Khandelwal.
On Thursday, Satoru Iwata, the director of Nintendo, unveiled the design of the controller for the new Nintendo Revolution during the keynote presentation of the Tokyo Game Show.
Like a TV remote, the controller uses two sensors near the user's TV to determine position in three-dimensional space.
This allows players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device through the air.
Shortly after the start, Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and was out of the race.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was leading for most of the race, but lost his position immediately after his pit stop, probably because of a poorly placed right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher did not finish his race not long after Alonso due to the damage to the wheel suspension because of the many duels during the race.
In a transcript of the news conference, he said "she was a cute girl with a nice voice."
I was moved every time we rehearsed it, from the bottom of my heart.
An internal camera showed that many pieces of insulation foam came loose from the fuel tank about 3 minutes after the launch.
However, it is suspected that they did not cause any damage to the shuttle.
NASA's shuttle program director, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said the foam fell off "after the period of time we were concerned about."
After five minutes the wind starts, and a minute later the wind is already at 70 km/h... then it starts to rain, but so hard and so much that it feels like pins and needles on your skin. Then hail starts to fall. People panic, start screaming and run over each other.
"I lost my sister and her boyfriend, and when I tried to get there, people were jumping over two wheelchair users and pushing them away," said Armand Versace.
In addition, NHK reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reports that the earthquake did not cause any problems and that reactors 1 and 2 at the Shika nuclear power plant have been shut down.
According to reports, 9,400 households in the region are without water and around 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, train services have been suspended in the affected areas and the prefecture of Noto airport in Ishikawa remains closed for an extended period.
One bomb exploded outside the office where the governor-general works.
Within a period of two hours, three more bombs exploded near government buildings.
Some reports put the official death toll at eight. Official reports confirm a maximum of 30 injured, but the final numbers are not yet in.
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after eating contaminated pet food.
Researchers at the university found that the two compounds react with each other to form crystals that can block the kidneys.
Scientists discovered that crystals form in cat urine when you add melanin and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals has similarities to that of the urine of the affected pets, compared by infrared spectroscopy (FTIR).
I don't know if you realize this, but most of the goods from Central America came into this country without paying any taxes.
And yet, 80 percent of our goods were taxed using rates from countries in Central America.
I thought that was very strange; it was definitely unfair.
All I am saying is that you treat us the way we treat you.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, the governor of California, has signed a bill that bans the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
Under this law, violent video games sold in the state of California must have an "18" sticker. Selling to a minor is punishable by a fine of $1,000 per offense.
Kier Starmer QC, the Director of Public Prosecutions, said this morning that he wants to prosecute both Pryce and Huhne.
Huhne has resigned and his cabinet post has been taken by Energy Secretary Ed Davey, with Trade Minister Norman Lamb expected to take on Davey's responsibilities.
Huhne and Pryce are expected to appear at Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was the driver of the vehicle.
Edgar Veguilla suffered injuries to his arm and jaw, and Kristoffer Schneider had to undergo reconstructive facial surgery.
Uka's gun jammed as he aimed it at the head of a fifth man. Schneider suffers chronic pain, is blind in one eye, is missing a piece of skull and has had his face reconstructed with titanium.
Schneider made his statement via video link from an USAF base in the country he came from.
In addition to Wednesday's event, Carpanedo also competed in two individual championship races.
Her first was the Slalom, where she got a Did Not Finish on her first run. 36 of the 116 participants got the same result in that race.
In the other race she participated in, the sitting giant slalom, she became tenth of the women, with a combined time of 4:41:30. That is 2:11:60 minutes slower than the Austrian winner Claudia Loesch, and 1:09:02 minutes slower than the Hungarian Gyöngyi Dani, who finished ninth.
Four skiers from the women's sitting slalom group were unable to finish their runs and 45 of the 117 skiers in the giant slalom failed to qualify for the race.
The stolen laptop and mobile phone were found by the police of Madhya Pradesh.
Five of the rapists of the Swedish woman have been arrested and her mobile phone and laptop have been found, according to Deputy Inspector General D. K. Arya.
Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar are the suspects.
According to police commissioner Chandra Shekhar Solanki, the suspects had covered their faces when they appeared in court.
There were three people in the house when the car hit the house, but none of them were injured.
However, the driver did suffer serious head injuries.
The road where the accident took place was temporarily closed while the emergency services tried to free the driver from the red Audi TT.
Initially he was taken to Great Yarmouth, to the James Paget Hospital.
He was then transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has since been convicted of murdering her son at Edinburgh Sheriff Court.
She is in custody awaiting charge and trial, but the eyewitness account is possibly contrived because her story has been widely published.
This is standard practice across the rest of the UK, but justice in Scotland works differently and courts have deemed the publication of photos as potentially prejudicial.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes that 'journalists are playing a dangerous game when they publish pictures of suspects.'
The Crown Office has overall responsibility for prosecutions and has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made, at least until charges are brought.
The document refers to a dispute settlement mechanism, something the Palestinians have long sought based on the borders that existed before the 1967 Middle East war, according to sources.
Other topics discussed were the future status of Jerusalem, a city that is holy to both peoples, and the problems in the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for ten years after the signing of an agreement, but the PA is only prepared to accept a presence of five years.
Shooters in the additional pest control trial had to be closely monitored by forest rangers, as the trial was being followed and its effectiveness assessed.
A partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, saw qualified volunteers recruited to assist with the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program.
According to Mick O'Flynn, acting head of conservation and heritage at the NPWS, the four chosen marksmen for the first shooting operation had extensive safety and training instructions.
Yesterday, Martelly swore in a nine-member new provisional electoral council (Provisional Electoral Council or CEP).
With this, Martelly has achieved a CEP five times in the past four years.
Last month, the presidential commission recommended the dismissal of the previous National Electoral Council, as part of a package of measures to ensure new elections in the country.
The commission was established by Martelly in response to widespread protests against the government that have taken place since October.
The sometimes violent protests were sparked by the failure to hold elections, some of which were due as far back as 2011.
There have been about 60 reports of iPods overheating and failing, resulting in six fires and four people with minor burns.
Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said it was aware of the 27 accidents involving the devices.
Last week, METI announced that Apple had reported 34 additional incidents of overheating that the company called "not serious."
The ministry's response to the fact that Apple has delayed the report was that it was 'very regrettable'.
Mariana was hit by the earthquake at 07.19 local time (Friday 21.19 GMT).
The Northern Marianas Emergency Management Agency said no damage was reported island-wide.
In addition, the National Tsunami Warning Center reported that there was no tsunami warning.
In Manila, the capital of the Philippines, a former Philippine policeman has taken tourists from Hong Kong hostage by hijacking their bus.
Rolando Mendoza shot the tourists with his M16 rifle.
Several hostages have been brought to safety and so far at least six fatalities have been confirmed.
Six hostages were released earlier, including children and the elderly, and the Filipino photographers.
Later, the photographers returned in exchange for an older woman who needed to use the bathroom. Mendoza was eventually shot.
Liggins went into medicine, following in his father's footsteps.
Trained as a midwife, he started working in 1959 at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland.
While working at the hospital, Liggins did research on premature birth in his spare time.
His research showed that the maturation of the fetal lungs of babies was accelerated by the administration of a hormone.
Xinhua reported that government investigators on Wednesday recovered two "black boxes" containing flight recorders.
Fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said, 'Luna was the first 'Queen of Extreme'. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of two moons. As unique as she was. A strong woman.'
Dustin 'Goldust' Runnels said that 'Luna was as weird as me... maybe even weirder... I love her and will miss her... hopefully she's in a better place'.
Of the 1400 people surveyed for the 2010 federal election, the number of people opposed to Australia becoming a republic rose by 8 per cent since 2008.
Outgoing Prime Minister Julia Gillard said during the 2010 federal election campaign that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34 per cent of those polled backed this view, saying they want Queen Elizabeth II to be the last monarch of Australia.
29 per cent of respondents thought Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while at the other end of the spectrum 31 per cent said it should never happen.
The Olympic gold medallist swam the 100 and 200 freestyle and three relay events at the Commonwealth Games but his fitness was thrown into doubt by his complaints.
He couldn't take the medication he needed to ease his pain because it is banned at the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number on January 25.
Several people independently verified the discovery using different hardware and software in early February, and it was announced on Tuesday.
Comets could have been a source of water on Earth, along with organic material that forms proteins and supports life.
Scientists hope to gain insight into how planets are formed, particularly how the Earth was formed, given that it has been a long time since comets collided with the Earth.
Cuomo (53) was inaugurated earlier this year as governor and last month signed a law that legalizes marriages between people of the same sex.
He called the rumors "political nonsense and chatter."
There is speculation that he wants to run for the presidency in 2016.
The FAA says NextGen would allow planes to take shorter routes, saving millions of tons of fuel annually and reducing carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology, unlike older ground radar-based technologies, allowing air traffic controllers to locate aircraft much more accurately and provide pilots with clearer information.
No additional transport will be deployed and no surface trains will stop at Wembley; in addition, the car parks and the P&R are not accessible on the site.
A possible lack of transport increased the chance that the match would be played behind closed doors and without supporters.
A study published Tuesday in the journal Science looked at the formation of a new bird species on the Galapagos Islands off Ecuador.
Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that new species evolved within two generations, a process thought to take much longer because of the time it took for a native Darwin's finch, the medium ground finch, to interbreed with an immigrant cactus finch, the Española finch.
Gold can be worked into many shapes. It can be rolled into small shapes.
It can be drawn into a narrow wire that can be twisted and braided. It can also be forged or rolled into plates.
Once it has been made very thin, it can be stuck onto another metal. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate hand-painted illustrations in books called 'illuminated manuscripts'.
This is called the pH of a chemical. You can make an indicator using red cabbage juice.
Then the color of the cabbage juice changes based on the acidity (acidic to basic or alkaline) of the chemical.
The pH value is indicated by the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the chemical that is being tested.
Hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron, and hydrogen ions are protons without electrons.
Mix both dry powders together, wet and clean your hands and make a ball.
The moisture on your hands reacts with the outer layers, which feels strange and forms a kind of casing.
In the cities of Harappa and Mohenjodaro, almost every house had a flushing toilet connected to an advanced sewage system.
Sewerage remains have been found in houses in the Minoan cities on the Greek islands of Crete and Santorini.
Furthermore, there were already toilets in China, Egypt and Persia in ancient times. In the Roman era, toilets were often part of a public bathhouse, where both ladies and gentlemen would gather in a mixed group.
When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you are using a satellite.
As soon as the space satellite receives the call, it is immediately sent back.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts some of our light and images.
To launch a satellite or telescope into space, you need a huge rocket that is more than 30 metres long.
The wheel has changed the world incredibly. The most important thing the wheel has given us is easier and faster transportation.
The train, the car and many other means of transport are the result of this.
There are medium-sized cats that eat medium-sized prey, from hares to antelopes and deer.
In addition, there are many small cats (such as feral cats kept as pets) that hunt in larger numbers of small prey, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
Their success comes from the idea of a niche, a special job that each cat has, so they don't compete with others.
Lions are the most social of cats and live in large groups called prides.
Troops consist of one to three adult males that are related to each other and also have up to thirty females and cubs.
The women are usually closely related to each other and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
A pride of lions behaves much like a pack of wolves or dogs, animals that surprisingly resemble lions (but not other big cats) and that are very deadly to their prey.
The tiger is a versatile athlete and can climb (although not well), swim, jump great distances and has five times the pulling power of a strong person.
Tigers belong to the same group (genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four big cats are the only ones that can roar.
A tiger does not roar with full force like a lion. It is more like he growls a whole sentence.
The favourite meal of ocelots are small animals. They catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. The ocelot hunts almost exclusively on animals that are much smaller than he is.
Scholars suspect that ocelots use their sense of smell to hunt small animals (their prey), by smelling the ground where they have been.
They can see very well in the dark thanks to their night vision and move around very inconspicuously. Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings and then jumping on their prey.
When a small group of organisms (a small population) becomes separated from the larger population from which it came (for example, by moving across a mountain range or river, or by being transported to a different island, from which they cannot easily return), they are often in a different environment than before.
In this new environment, different resources and different enemies are present, so the new population must adapt or change its behavior to be able to compete.
Because they still need the same adaptations as before, the original population has not changed at all.
As the new population began to adapt to the new environment, they also began to look less and less like the other population.
After thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will be so different in appearance that you can no longer call them the same species.
This process is called speciation and simply means the formation of new species. Speciation is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that people breathe in and they take in carbon dioxide that people breathe out.
The plants get their nutrients from the sun through photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
Our houses and clothes are made from plants. We mainly eat plants. Without plants, animals would not survive.
The Mosasaurus was at the top of the food chain of that time. He had nothing to fear from anyone, except from other Mosasauruses.
Its long jaws had more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, plus an extra set in the palate, meaning nothing or no-one could escape it.
It is not certain, but it is possible that its tongue was forked. It ate turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs and maybe even its own kind.
In water areas, nothing was safe from his attacks; even huge dinosaurs like the Tyrannosaurus Rex were no match for him.
Although much of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans also had their share of exotic or unusual delicacies, including wild boar, peacocks, snails and a kind of rodent called a dormouse.
There was another difference; poor people and women sat on chairs while eating, but rich men liked to have a banquet where they lay on their sides lounging while eating.
Meals from Roman antiquity do not contain any food that came to Europe from America or Asia in later centuries.
For example, they did not have corn, tomatoes, potatoes, cocoa. Moreover, no ancient Roman ever ate a turkey.
The Babylonians made a primary temple for all their gods. This temple was seen as the god's own house.
Offerings were made to the gods and the priests tried to meet the needs of the gods by organizing ceremonies and festivals.
Every temple had a public courtyard and a back room that was only accessible to priests.
Sometimes, as part of the temples, towers in the form of pyramids were built, called ziggoerats.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary for the god.
Houses were not of great importance in the warm climate of the Middle East.
The daily life of the Hebrew family took place mostly outside.
Women cooked in the garden; shops were no more than a counter along the street. Stone was used to build houses.
In the land of Canaan there were no large forests, and therefore wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland had few inhabitants. According to Norse sagas, Erik the Red was banished from Iceland for murder, found Greenland on his way west and gave it its name.
He made this discovery, but there were already Eskimo tribes living there at that time.
Although they were all 'Scandinavian' countries, the people, the royal families, customs and history of Sweden, Iceland, Denmark and Norway were very different from each other.
After watching National Treasure, you might think there's a treasure map hidden behind the Declaration of Independence.
That is a misconception, however. There is something written on the back, but it is not a treasure map.
On the back of the American Declaration of Independence are the words "Original Declaration of Independence, July 4, 1776." The text is upside down at the bottom of the document.
Although no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is certain that the large parchment (29¾ inches by 24½ inches) was rolled up for storage at some point.
It seems therefore that the designation was simply added as a kind of label.
Thanks to the D-Day landings and the battles that followed, the north of France was liberated. However, the south remained occupied.
It was ruled by Vichy France, which were French people who sided with the Germans in 1940 and thus collaborated with the enemy instead of fighting against them.
On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France with Operation Dragoon.
The Americans and the Free French had liberated southern France in just two weeks. Then they set off for Germany.
A civilization is a single culture shared by a large group of people living and working together in a society.
The term civilisation comes from the Latin civilis, which means civil, related to the Latin civis, which means citizen, and civitas, which means city or city-state; and that also defines the format of society in a certain way.
City-states are the precursors of nations. A civilization with a culture suggests that knowledge is passed on over multiple generations, a lasting cultural footprint and balanced distribution.
When minority cultures disappear, they often leave no relevant historical evidence, so they are not officially recognized as civilizations.
During the Revolution, thirteen states under the Articles of Confederation formed a weak central government, consisting solely of a Congress.
The convention lacked the power to levy taxes, because there was no national executive or judiciary, and for enforcing all decisions relied on state authorities who often refused to cooperate.
Nor did it have the power to ignore tax laws and rates between states.
At first, all states had to unanimously agree to the articles before they could be amended, but the states did not take the national government seriously, so their representatives were often absent.
The Italian national football team is, together with the German team, the second most successful team worldwide and won the FIFA World Cup in 2006.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, sword fighting, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and F1 motor racing.
Winter sports are especially popular in the northern regions, where Italians participate in international competitions and Olympic events.
Japan consists of almost 7,000 islands (with the largest island being Honshu). This makes Japan the 7th largest island in the world.
Due to the cluster/group of islands that Japan has, Japan is often referred to as an 'island' geographically.
The history of Taiwan begins in the 15th century, when sailors from Europe sailed past the island and gave it the name Ilha Formosa, or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch VOC settled in southwestern Taiwan as a base, where the VOC tackled the indigenous grain production processes and put Chinese workers to work on rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan were conquered by the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912), after which Taiwan was annexed as a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
After the defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki in 1895, in which the sovereignty over Taiwan was transferred to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Composed of three large structures, Machu Picchu is made up of the Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun and the Room of Three Windows.
The majority of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt so that tourists can get a better idea of what they looked like before.
In 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored. The renovation is still ongoing.
For example, the most common still image size worldwide is 35 mm, which was the standard film size at the end of the analog film era.
These are still produced today, although it is mainly the ratio of the image that the image sensor of the digital camera took over.
Strangely enough, 35 mm film is actually 36 mm wide, with a height of 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this size (divide by twelve to get the simplest ratio of integers) would be 3:2 in that case.
Many common aspect ratios (for example, APS-like aspect ratios) are equal to or a close approximation of this aspect ratio.
The thirds rule, which is often abused and ridiculed by many, is a simple guideline that makes the image dynamic, yet still organized.
The most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of the lines, which divides the image into thirds both vertically and horizontally (see example).
During this period in Europe's history, the rich and powerful Catholic Church was under fire.
For more than a thousand years, Christianity has bound European states together, despite differences in language and customs.
From the king to the common citizen, his all-pervasive power affected everyone.
One of the main principles of Christianity is that wealth should be used to combat suffering and poverty, and the church has financial resources for this reason.
The church had been the central authority in Rome for over a thousand years, and this relationship of power and money led many people to begin to question whether this principle was being upheld.
Britain imposed a naval blockade on Germany soon after the outbreak of hostilities.
The strategy proved effective, as it was no longer possible to deliver vital supplies to military and civilians. However, this blockade violated the generally accepted international law that was established in the past two centuries in various international agreements.
Britain had laid mines in international waters, so that whole areas of the ocean were closed to shipping, which was dangerous even for neutral ships.
Because of the limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to the country's unrestrained submarine warfare.
During the 1920s, most citizens and nations had an attitude of pacifism and isolationism.
After the First World War, states wanted to prevent such horrors from ever happening again.
Tesla emigrated to the United States of America in 1884 to work for the Edison Company in New York City.
When he came to the United States, he had only 4 cents, a book of poetry, and a letter of recommendation from Charles Batchelor (his previous boss) for Thomas Edison.
Ancient China had a unique way of representing different time periods; each phase of China or each ruling family had a distinct dynasty.
There was also an unstable period between the different dynasties in which the provinces were divided. The most famous was the era of the Three Kingdoms, which took place in the 60 years between the Han and Jin dynasties.
At that time, there were fierce wars between different nobles who fought for the throne.
In the history of ancient China, the Three Kingdoms period is recorded as one of the bloodiest. Thousands of people died in the fight for the highest place in the grand palace in Xi'an.
The Revolution had major social and political consequences, such as the use of the metric system, a shift from absolute monarchy to republicanism, nationalism, and the notion that the country belongs to its inhabitants rather than a single leader.
After the revolution, all male applicants were able to obtain positions, so that the most ambitious and qualified candidates could succeed.
The same goes for the army. Army ranks are no longer based on one's class but on the caliber of the person.
The French Revolution also inspired the oppressed working class in other countries to revolt.
Muhammad was intensely involved with supernatural matters. He often went to a cave for reflection, which later became known as the Cave of Hira in the Noer Mountains.
The cave itself, which has withstood the test of time, gives a very vivid picture of the spirituality of Mohammed.
The cave is located on one of the mountain peaks on the north side of Mecca and is completely cut off from the rest of the world.
Even if it was known that the cave existed, it was not easy to find. Once inside the cave, total isolation prevails.
The only thing to see is the clear, beautiful sky and the many surrounding mountains. From the cave, there is very little of this world to see or hear.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the seven wonders of the world that still stands.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century BC and is one of the many large pyramid structures in honour of a deceased pharaoh.
The Giza Plateau or 'pyramids of Giza' in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead contains several pyramids (the Great Pyramid being the largest), several smaller tombs, a number of temples and the Great Sphinx.
The large pyramid was built to honor Pharaoh Khufu. Many of the smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built as a tribute to Khufu's wives and family members.
The up-bow sign looks like a V and the down-bow sign looks like a dot or a square with the bottom missing.
Above means you start at the point and push the bow away. Below means you start at the frog (where your hand holds the bow) and pull the bow towards you.
An upward movement usually produces a softer sound, while a downward movement produces a stronger and more assertive sound.
Feel free to sketch in your own accidentals, but remember that the printed accidentals are there for a musical reason, so they should usually be respected.
A group of market women on 6 October 1789 escorted the terrified Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette and their two young children (Marie Therese aged 11 and Louis-Charles aged 4), and the king's sister, Madame Elizabeth, from Versailles to Paris.
They rode back to the French capital in a carriage, surrounded by cheering and threatening mobs that threatened the royal couple.
The actions of the crowd forced the king and queen to open the windows of their carriage completely.
At one point, someone in the crowd held up the head of a royal guard who had been killed at Versailles, in front of the terrified queen.
The war costs of U.S. imperialism in the conquest of the Philippines were paid by the people of the Philippines.
They were imposed on the American colonial regime to pay taxes to finance a large part of the costs and the interest on bonds was issued through the banks on Wall Street in the name of the Philippine government.
American imperialism rested to a large extent on the enormous profits of the long-term exploitation of the Philippines.
To understand the Templars, one must know what the context was that gave rise to the order.
The era in which this happened is commonly referred to as the High Middle Ages, the European history in the 11th, 12th and 13th century (1000-1300 AD).
After the early Middle Ages came the high Middle Ages, which were in turn followed by the late Middle Ages, which usually end around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term for a large assortment of ideas in practice: from technology supply or the technological imperative to a strict sense that human fate is driven by an underlying logic linked to scientific laws and the appearance of them in technology.
Most interpretations of technological determinism have these two general views: the development of technology follows a trajectory that is largely beyond cultural or political influence, and that technology in turn has "effects" on societies that are inherent rather than socially conditioned.
For example, some people will say that the arrival of the car automatically leads to the construction of roads.
However, a nationwide road network is not economically feasible for just a few cars, which is why new production methods are being developed to reduce the costs of car ownership.
Massive car ownership also leads to a greater number of accidents on the road, and this leads to the development of new healthcare techniques to help repair the human body.
Romanticism included a large component of cultural determinism, which came from writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In Romanticism, geography formed the individual and over time, habits and cultures arose from this geography. These formed a harmonious society and were better than the arbitrarily imposed laws.
Constantinople was considered the fashion capital of feudal Europe, just as Paris is the current fashion capital.
It was known as a luxury epicenter from around 400 AD to around 1100 AD.
The status of the empire declined in the 12th century, mainly because the crusaders returned with silk and spices that were more valuable than what the Byzantine markets could offer.
Around this time, Paris also took over the title of fashion capital from Constantinople.
Gothic was at its height in the 10th, 11th and 14th centuries.
Clothing was strongly influenced by the Byzantine culture from the east in the beginning.
However, due to the slow communication channels, styles in the west were 25 to 30 years behind.
At the end of the Middle Ages, a distinct style began to emerge in Western Europe. One of the biggest developments was the result of the Crusades: people began using buttons to fasten their clothing.
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture where enough food is produced to meet the needs of the farmer and his family.
Subsistence agriculture is a simple system that is usually organic, using stored seed from the ecoregion, combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yields.
In the past, most farmers worked in subsistence agriculture, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures bring together like-minded people who feel neglected by societal norms, giving them the opportunity to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures can be distinguished by the age, ethnicity, social class, location and/or gender of their members.
A subculture can be defined by the following types of qualities: linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographic, or one or more of these factors combined.
Members of a subculture often show which group they belong to through a certain symbolic style in what they wear, how they behave and the jargon they speak.
One of the most commonly used methods of illustrating the importance of socialization was to point to the few regrettable cases of children who, through neglect, misfortune, or deliberate abuse, were not socialized by adults during their upbringing.
They are called 'wolf children' or 'feral children'. Some wolf children have been locked up by people (usually their own parents); sometimes the child was abandoned because the parents did not want to accept the child's serious mental or physical disability.
Unmanageable children may have experienced severe child abuse or a serious trauma before they were abandoned or before they ran away.
Others are said to have been raised by animals, and some are said to have lived in the wilderness alone.
A feral child who has not been raised by humans may exhibit behavior similar to that of the animal that raised it (within physical limits), such as fear or indifference towards humans.
Project-based learning should simplify and make education more interesting, but scaffolding goes one step further.
Scaffolding is not a teaching method but a tool to support individuals who are dealing with a new learning experience, for example a new computer program or who are starting a new project.
Support can be both virtual and real. A teacher is a form of support, but so is the paperclip man in Microsoft Office.
There is virtual scaffolding built into the software that asks questions, provides memory prompts and explains procedures that might be difficult for students to understand without help.
There are several reasons why children end up in foster care, such as neglect, abuse and exploitation.
No child should grow up in an environment where they are not well cared for, where they are not loved and where they cannot develop, but this is happening.
We consider the foster care system to be a safe zone for these children.
The intention is that foster care provides a safe home, loving caregivers, stable education and reliable health care.
In foster care, all needs that were neglected in the previous home must be met.
On the internet, elements of interpersonal and mass communication are combined.
The different characters of the internet lead to new dimensions as far as the application of the Uses & Gratifications theory is concerned.
For example, 'learning' and 'socialisation' are proposed as important reasons for using the Internet (James et al., 1995).
Eighmey and McCord (1998) introduced new motivation aspects such as 'personal involvement' and 'sustained relationships' when they examined audience responses to websites.
The use of video recordings led to remarkable findings in the interpretation of micro-expressions, which are facial movements that last a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is stated that no one can recognize a lie by only paying attention to micro-expressions.
Oliver Sacks described in his essay The President's Speech how people who cannot understand speech due to brain damage can still accurately assess its sincerity.
He even suggested that other species, such as domestic dogs, also have the ability to interpret human behaviour.
Research in the twentieth century has shown that there are two groups of genetic variants: hidden and visible.
Mutation adds new genetic variation; selection eliminates this variation from the pool of expressed variation.
For each generation, variation between the two groups is achieved by recombination.
A primate with a digestive system similar to that of humans can hardly get the necessary amino acids from the plant sources that can be found on the savannah.
Furthermore, failure to comply can have serious consequences: growth retardation, malnutrition and ultimately even death.
The easiest plant sources to find are the proteins in leaves and legumes, but unless cooked, they are difficult for primates like us to digest.
Not only is animal food (ants, termites, eggs) easily digestible, but it also contains a lot of proteins that contain all essential amino acids.
All in all, we should not be surprised if our ancestors solved their 'protein problem' in the same way that chimpanzees in the savannah solve this problem today.
Sleep interruption means that you wake up for a reason during your normal sleep period and that you fall asleep again within a short time (10–60 minutes).
This is quite easy by using a relatively soft alarm clock that brings you back to your consciousness without you immediately becoming fully awake.
If you set your clock to turn off in your sleep, you can put it on the other side of the room so you have to get out of bed to turn it off.
Other options based on the biorhythm are, for example, drinking a lot of liquid before going to sleep (and then especially water or tea, a well-known diuretic). This means you will have to get up to pee.
The amount of inner calm a person has is inversely proportional to the amount of stress a person carries in their body and mind.
The less stress, the more positive the vitality. Every human being is capable of achieving satisfaction and total rest.
Everyone can enlighten their mind. Only your own stress and negativity stand in the way of this goal.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but this form of Buddhism has been expanded with the Mahayana path of love and with a large number of techniques from Indian yoga.
Tibetan Buddhism consists of a relatively simple core of kundalini yoga, meditation and a following of universal love.
Through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualized images, the energy of Kundalini yoga (enlightenment energy) is awakened.
The core of Tibetan meditation is yoga with a deity as the focus. With the help of the visualization of different deities, energy channels are cleaned, chakras are activated and consciousness is brought into an enlightened state.
Because Germany was a common enemy in World War II, cooperation between the USSR and the USA was established. When the war was over, conflicts between system, process and culture caused the countries to fall out with each other.
The former allies were standing directly opposite each other two years after the end of the war, this was the beginning of the Cold War.
The war would last 40 years and proxy battles would be fought on battlefields in Africa, Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
The Polish defenders held out until 17 September 1939, after which they had to retreat and reorganise along the bridgehead in Romania.
However, these plans were rendered obsolete overnight when 800,000 soldiers from the Soviet Union's Red Army invaded and formed the Latvian and Ukrainian fronts after occupying eastern parts of Poland, in violation of the Treaty of Riga, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international peace treaties that were both bilateral and multilateral.
Shipping is the most efficient way to move large numbers of people and goods across the oceans.
Traditionally, it is the job of the navy to ensure that a country retains the ability to transport people and goods, while the enemy's ability to transport people and goods is impeded.
The US tried to get men and material across the Atlantic to the British and this WWII North Atlantic campaign is one of the most remarkable recent examples.
The German navy tried to stop this traffic at the same time, mainly using U-boats.
Like the rest of Europe, Britain would probably have fallen into German hands if the Allies had failed.
It seems that the goats were first domesticated around 10,000 years ago in the Iranian Zagros Mountains.
In ancient times, cultures and tribes started to keep them so that they could always easily get hair, meat, milk and skins.
Domesticated goats were usually kept in herds on a hill or other grazing area, and were then guarded by goat-herders, just like the more well-known sheep-herders were often a child or young person. Nowadays, herding is still done in the same way.
In the 16th century, horse-drawn railways were built in England.
Although horse railways only consisted of a plank rail, the horses had to run faster and pull larger loads than on the somewhat difficult roads of that time.
Sleepers were used quite early on to keep the rails in place, but gradually it was realised that rails would be more efficient if there was an iron point on the top.
This soon became the standard practice, but the iron resulted in more wear on the wooden carriage wheels.
Iron wheels eventually replaced wooden ones, and in 1767 the first completely iron rails were laid.
The first form of transport we know is walking. People started walking upright two million years ago when the Homo Erectus came up (which means upright man).
Their predecessor, the Australopithecus, walked less upright.
Bipedal specialisations are found in fossils of the Australopithecus from 4.2 to 3.9 million years ago. The Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can live more environmentally friendly, join an environmental movement or even take action to mitigate future suffering.
In many cases it is like a symptomatic treatment, but if we want more than a temporary solution, we need to identify the cause of the problems and remove them.
The scientific and technological development of human society has obviously changed the earth in a profound way. Moreover, overpopulation and extravagant human lifestyles have exacerbated the problems.
After the Declaration of Independence was adopted by Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft was sent to John Dunlap's printing office a few blocks away. The draft was signed by the President of the Continental Congress, John Hancock, and Secretary Charles Thomson.
Between 150 and 200 copies were made during the night, which are now better known as 'Dunlap broadsides'.
John Nixon first delivered the document's public reading on July 8 in the garden of Independence Hall.
One copy was sent to George Washington on July 6 and read to his troops in New York on July 9. Another copy arrived in London on August 10.
The 25 Dunlap broadsides are the oldest surviving copies of the document; the original handwritten copy did not survive.
Many paleontologists believe that there is still a dinosaur species alive today. We call them birds.
Many people don't consider them dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But there are many things about birds that still make them look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and scales on their feet, lay eggs and walk on their hind legs, just like the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Manipulating data that is encoded in binary digits is the basis for almost all computers used today.
A binary number can only have two values, 0 or 1, and these numbers are called binary digits (and in computer language 'bits').
Internal poisoning may not be immediately obvious. Symptoms such as vomiting are so common that a diagnosis cannot be made immediately.
The presence of open boxes of medication or toxic household chemicals is the best indication of internal poisoning.
See the label for specific first aid instructions for that particular poison.
This group of insects is formally called 'bedbugs' by entomologists.
This term comes from an age-old agreement with bed bugs, which are insects that can parasitize humans very well.
Both bed bugs and red bugs are nest-bound, having adapted to living in the nest or home of their host.
In the US, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), making it the leading neurological disease in adults of both younger and middle age.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which includes the brain, spinal cord and optic nerve.
Research has shown that women are twice as likely to get MS as men.
A couple may decide that it is not in their interest, or that of their child, to raise a baby.
These couples can choose to give their baby up for adoption.
In an adoption, the parents give up their parental rights, so that another couple can raise the child.
Discovering how the world works through the scientific method is the main goal of science. This method is the guideline for most scientific research.
However, it is about more than just experiments; an experiment is a test to exclude one or more potential assumptions, to raise questions and to make observations, as a guideline for scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers turned to classical texts, and in particular to the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's views on science, including psychology, were accepted.
The West understood Greek philosophy and science less and less as knowledge of Greek declined.
In physiological and behavioural observations of rhythms, there is often a strong dependence on endogenous processes and the production via the biological clock.
Most creatures, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals, live according to periodic rhythms. These are not just responses to external periodic signals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that run through a cycle for a certain period of time, even if no external signals are given for this.
The experiment by Hershey and Chase was one of the most important indications that DNA was a genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used bacteriophages or viruses to implant their own DNA into a bacterium.
Two experiments were carried out. In one experiment, the DNA in the phage was labelled with a radioactive phosphorus and in the other experiment, the protein of the phage was labelled with a radioactive sulphur.
Mutations can have many different effects, depending on the type, the importance of the genetic material involved and whether the affected cells are germ cells.
Only mutations in germ cells are hereditary. Other mutations can cause cells to die or cancer to develop.
Nature tourism attracts people who like to visit natural areas because they want to enjoy the landscape, including the flora and fauna.
On the spot, one can go hunting, fishing, take photographs, observe birds, go to parks and study the ecosystem, among other things.
An example is visiting, photographing and learning about the orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people from small villages drive to their workplace and pass people whose workplace is located in the village they just left.
Everyone in this dynamic transport shuttle is somehow connected to and supporting a transport system based on private cars.
Science indicates that this massive carbon economy has pushed the biosphere out of the stable state that allowed human evolution to occur over the past two million years.
Everyone participates in society and uses transport systems, and almost everyone complains about them.
In developed countries, problems with water quality or collapsing bridges are rarely seen in comparison.
Why is it that so many complaints arise in transport systems, why does it go wrong every day? Are transport technicians just incompetent? Or is it something more fundamental?
In traffic flow, the movements of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions that take place between the individuals are examined.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to examine the flow of traffic, because the behaviour of drivers cannot be predicted with 100% certainty.
Fortunately, drivers behave in a reasonably predictable way, which means that traffic flows show some degree of consistency and that something can be said about this in the field of mathematics.
Three core characteristics have been linked to better represent traffic handling: (1) intensity, (2) density and (3) speed.
With the help of these relationships, the planning, design and operation of road construction facilities is facilitated.
Insects were the first animals to fly. Thanks to their ability to fly, they could escape from enemies more easily and find food and mating partners more efficiently.
The advantage of most insects is that they can fold their wings along their body.
This allows them to hide in a greater number of small places from predators.
Currently, only dragonflies and mayflies cannot fold their wings.
A few thousand years ago, Aristarchus said that the solar system revolved around the sun.
There were people who thought he was right, but many people believed the opposite; that the solar system moved around the Earth, and the Sun too (and other stars).
This sounds pretty logical, because you don't feel the Earth moving, right?
The Amazon River is the world's largest and second-longest river and carries more than eight times the volume of water as the second-largest.
The Amazon is also the widest river on earth, with some parts measuring six miles across.
At least 20% of all the water that flows into the sea via rivers comes from the Amazon.
The main branch of the Amazon River is 6,387 kilometers (3,980 miles) long. The water comes from thousands of smaller rivers.
Although the construction of stone pyramids continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza remain unsurpassed in terms of size and technical excellence of construction.
The ancient Egyptians of the New Kingdom admired the monument of their predecessors, which was already more than a thousand years old.
There are approximately 800 inhabitants in Vatican City. This is the smallest independent country in the world and also the country with the lowest population.
Italian is the official language of Vatican City for official communication and laws.
Italian is the language most spoken by the people who work there, while Latin is widely used during religious ceremonies.
Everyone who lives in Vatican City is Roman Catholic.
People have known the most basic chemical elements, such as gold, silver and copper, since ancient times because they are all found in nature and it is fairly easy to mine them with primitive tools.
The philosopher Aristotle speculated that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
This seemed more like what we know of the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas and plasma, but he also theorized that they transition into new substances to form what we see.
Alloys are, in simple terms, a combination of at least two metals. As you probably know, the periodic table contains many elements.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are included in the metals. There are also metals such as silver and gold.
Alloys may also contain small amounts of non-metal elements, for example carbon.
Everything in the universe is made up of matter. All matter is made up of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that there are a trillion of them in the dot at the end of this sentence.
That is why the pencil was a faithful friend to many people when it was launched.
Unfortunately, as newer writing methods have emerged, the pen has lost its status and is used much less.
Nowadays, people write messages on a computer screen without ever needing a pencil sharpener.
You can wonder what will happen to the keyboard once something new comes on the market.
The atomic bomb works on the principle that it costs energy to assemble a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
It's like pushing a heavy cart up a hill. When the nucleus splits again, some of the energy is released.
Some atoms have an unstable nucleus, which means that they fall apart at the slightest provocation.
The surface of the moon is characterized by dust and rock. The crust is the outermost layer of the moon.
The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km thick on the far side.
The crust is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
There may be more cracks on the side, because the crust is thinner there. Lava could more easily reach the surface there.
Content theories aim to find out what motivates people and what appeals to them.
This theory suggests that people have certain needs and/or desires that become internalized as they mature.
With these theories, they want to examine the reasons why certain people want certain things and which environmental factors influence them to do certain things or not.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs and Hertzberg's Motivation-Hygiene Theory.
Generally, there are two approaches that managers take when leading their former peers. In one approach, they try to act like an equal.
This type of manager finds it difficult to make unpopular decisions and disciplinary actions, to conduct evaluation interviews, to delegate and to hold people accountable.
At the other end of the spectrum, they transform into an unrecognisable individual, feeling they need to change everything the team has done so far and wanting to take ownership of everything.
Ultimately, the leader is responsible for the success and failure of the team.
Often this behavior leads to a gap between the leaders and the team members.
Virtual teams must meet the same standards of excellence as regular teams, although there are some minor differences.
In most cases, virtual team members are the first point of contact for their immediate physical group.
Often they are more independent than traditional team members, because their teams can meet across different time zones, which may not be understood by their local management.
The idea of a truly "invisible team" (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is a unique element of a virtual team.
The ‘invisible team’ is the management team to whom each member reports. The invisible team also sets the standard for each member.
Why would an organization want to embark on the time-consuming process of setting up a learning organization? One of the goals of putting organizational learning concepts into practice is innovation.
Creativity and resourcefulness come to the fore when all the resources available within the functional departments of an organization are effectively deployed.
The result of this is that the process of an organization working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to meet the needs of the customer.
To enable innovation in an organization, management must stimulate a culture in which innovation, shared knowledge and organizational learning are central.
According to Angel (2006), organizations can perform better with an approach based on the continuum model.
Neurobiological data provides physical evidence for a theoretical approach to cognitive research, allowing the research area to be narrowed and more accurate data to be collected.
The correlation between brain pathology and behavior helps scientists in their research.
It has long been known that various types of brain injury, trauma, wounds and tumors can affect behavior and lead to changes in mental ability.
Because there are more and more new technologies, we are learning more and more about the structures and processes in the brain.
This provides us with a lot of information and material to develop simulation models that give us more insight into the processes of our mind.
AI is the first thing most people think of when they think of science fiction, but it is also an essential part of computer science. It is used in research into machine behavior, learning and intelligent adaptation.
Developing machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior falls under AI research.
Some examples are management, planning, the ability to answer diagnoses and customer questions and recognition of handwriting, voice and face.
These have become separate disciplines for finding solutions to problems in real life.
Today, this artificial intelligence system is widely used in economics, medicine, technology and the military, such as in various software applications for PCs and video games.
Many excursions are planned for each class. A teacher would often take her students to places where a bus trip is not an option.
Thanks to technological developments, virtual excursions are now possible, allowing pupils to view the artefacts in a museum, take a peek inside an aquarium or see beautiful works of art from the classroom.
Virtually sharing a field trip is also a great way to reflect on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, students at Bennet School in North Carolina design a website each year about their trip to the state capital, which is redesigned each year and previous versions are kept online to serve as a scrapbook.
Blogs can also help students to write better. Often their grammar and spelling is poor at first, but this changes quickly because they have an audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the blogger strives to improve the writing and avoid criticism.
Blogging 'also forces students to learn more about the world around them.' The need to keep the audience interested inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages students to extend their learning far beyond the traditional school day.
When used appropriately, blogs can help students develop analytical and critical thinking skills; by actively engaging in discussion on the Internet, students can situate themselves in relation to others' material and, at the same time, develop their own positions on particular issues' (Oravec, 2002).
The bilingual capital of Canada is the charming Ottawa, full of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and future.
Further south you will find the Niagara Falls, and to the north you will find the beautiful untouched Muskoka and more.
It's these kinds of things that make Ontario quintessentially Canadian in the eyes of outsiders.
Further north, large areas are sparsely populated and some of these areas are even almost uninhabited wilderness.
A population comparison that will surprise many: there are more African Americans in the United States than the total population of Canada.
The East African islands are located along the east coast of Africa in the Indian Ocean.
Madagascar is by far the largest and in terms of fauna it is almost a separate continent.
Most of the smaller islands are independent countries or are linked to France and are known for their luxurious beach resorts.
The Arabs also brought with them the Islamic faith, which then spread widely in the Comoros and Mayotte.
The Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape Route from Europe to India, which marked the beginning of European influence and colonization in the 15th century.
The region is bordered to the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean and to the north by the Sahel region.
Women: Female travelers are advised to say they are married, whether or not it is true.
It also helps to put on rings (not too expensive looking rings).
Women should be aware that cultural differences may lead to behaviour that they see as intimidating and that it is common to be followed, touched on the arm, etc.
Be clear when you reject a man and don't be afraid to stand up for yourself (cultural differences don't speak well of this!).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BC. The city was used as a strategic port by the Phoenicians, Romans and Merinids and was known as Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed the harbour and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca. After an earthquake in 1755, they left the city again.
The Sultan of Morocco rebuilt the city and named it Daru l-Bayad. The Spanish traders who established their trading base here gave it the name Casablanca.
In Morocco, Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop.
Around the old Medina you will find many places where you can buy traditional Moroccan items, such as tagines, pots, leather products, water pipes and other trinkets, but it is purely aimed at tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The city is located near Rwanda, in the far east.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed when the Nyiragongo volcano spewed lava, burying much of the city's streets, particularly the city center.
Although Goma itself is relatively safe, you should check the situation with regard to the ongoing fighting in the province of North Kivu before visiting outside Goma.
The city is also the base for climbing the Nyiragongo volcano and some of the most affordable trips for Mountain Gorilla tracking in Africa.
You can move around Goma by boda-boda (a motorcycle taxi). The normal (local) price is around 500 Congolese Francs for a short trip.
Timbuktu is relatively inaccessible and is nowadays used as a metaphor for exotic, far-off lands.
Today Timbuktu is a dilapidated city, although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction and it has an airport.
In 1990, it was added to the list of endangered world heritage sites because of desert storms.
It was one of the major stops on the PBS exhibition "Wonders of the African World" by Henry Louis Gates.
The city differs from the other cities in the country because it has a more Arabic feel than an African one.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the northeast of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique in the east, along the border with Zimbabwe in the north and the southern border is the Crocodile River.
The park is 19,500 square kilometres in size, divided into 14 different eco-zones, where various wild animal species are kept.
As a major attraction in South Africa, this park is the flagship of the South African National Parks (SANParks).
As with all South African national parks, daily conservation fees and entrance fees apply.
It can also be useful to buy a Wild Card, which offers access to certain parts of parks in South Africa or to all national parks in South Africa.
The whole territory of Hong Kong is named after the Hong Kong Island and that is considered the main place by many tourists.
The multitude of buildings that make up Hong Kong's skyline have been likened to a glittering bar chart, visible through the waters of Victoria Harbour.
For the best views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head to the waterfront of Kowloon on the other side.
The vast majority of the population of the island of Hong Kong lives very close to one another on reclaimed land along the northern coast.
This is where the British settlers settled, so if you're looking for evidence of the area's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans are the largest mangrove forests in the world and stretch 80 km (50 miles) inland from the coast into Indian and Bangladeshi territory.
The Sundarbans are now officially included on the UNESCO World Heritage List. The part within the Indian borders is called the Sundarbans National Park.
But the forests are more than just mangrove swamps - they also boast some of the last mighty patches of jungle that once covered the Gangetic plain.
The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which a third is peat and marshland.
The Sundarbans have been a wildlife reserve since 1966 and it is estimated that there are now 400 Bengal tigers and around 30,000 Axis deer in the area.
During the day buses depart from the station on the border of the districts (opposite the river). Most depart between 6.30 and 7.30 am, mainly in the direction of the east and Jakar/Bumthang.
It is a good idea to buy a ticket a few days in advance, because the local buses are often fully booked.
In most neighborhoods, small Japanese Coaster buses run that are comfortable and sturdy.
Shared taxis are a quick and comfortable way to travel to nearby places such as Paro (150 ngultrum) and Punakha (200 ngultrum).
The Oyapock Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge over the Oyapock River to connect the Brazilian city of Oiapoque and the French Guiana city of Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock.
The two towers are 83 metres high. The building is 378 metres long and has two passages that are 3.50 metres wide.
The clearance height under the bridge is 15 metres. In August 2011, the construction of the bridge was completed, but it only opened for traffic in March 2017.
According to the planning, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, and the Brazilian customs posts are expected to be ready for use.
The Guarani were the most prominent indigenous group, living in what is now eastern Paraguay as semi-nomadic hunters and also practicing subsistence agriculture.
Other indigenous tribes lived in the Chaco province, including the Guaycurú and Payaguá, who found their food by hunting, fishing and gathering.
Paraguay, also known as the 'great province of India', emerged in the 16th century when Spanish colonists encountered the indigenous population.
This was followed by a three-century colonisation period under the Spanish.
Asunción was founded in 1537 and since then Paraguay has managed to preserve much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world.
In December, the largest tournament of the year takes place on the polo fields in Las Cañitas.
At other times of the year, smaller tournaments and matches can also be seen here.
Check out the Asociación Argentina de Polo for more information on tournaments and buying tickets to polo matches.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands pound (FKP), which is worth about one British pound (GBP).
There is only one bank on the islands, in Stanley opposite the FIC West store, where you can exchange money.
In general, British pounds are accepted everywhere on the islands and in Stanley you can often pay with credit cards and US dollars.
On the remote islands, you probably won't be able to pay with a credit card, but you can probably pay with British and American currency. Ask the owners in advance about how you can pay.
Change your money back before leaving the islands, as Falkland currency is very difficult to exchange outside of the islands.
Montevideo is below the equator, so when it is summer there, it is winter in the northern hemisphere and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics. In the summer months, temperatures of over +30°C are not uncommon.
Winter can be deceptively cold: the temperature almost never goes below zero, but the wind in combination with the humidity makes it feel colder than the thermometer indicates.
The level of rainfall remains fairly constant throughout the year, without any recognisable 'wet' and 'dry' periods.
Many of the animals in the park are used to seeing people, but wild animals are still wild animals, so they should not be fed or disturbed.
Keep at least 100 metres away from bears and wolves, and 25 metres from all other wild animals in the park.
Elk, bison, reindeer, bears and pretty much any other large animal can attack you, no matter how tame they seem.
Every year, dozens of visitors are injured because they don't keep a safe distance. These animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so give them space.
Also, be aware that scents attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid wearing or cooking scented foods and keep your campsite clean.
The capital of Samoa is Apia and the city with almost 40,000 inhabitants is located on the island of Upolu.
Founded around the year 1850, Apia has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
In 1889, seven ships from Germany, the USA and Great Britain refused to leave the port. This later became known as the infamous standoff.
With the exception of a British battleship, all ships were sunk. Nearly 200 Americans and Germans lost their lives.
In the independence struggle by the Mau movement, the highest leader, Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III, died in a violent meeting in the city.
There are many beaches, particularly because of Auckland's two harbours. The most popular are located in three areas.
The North Shore beaches in the North Harbour district stretch from north to south along the Pacific Ocean, from Long Bay to Devonport.
These are almost all sandy beaches where it is safe to swim and most have pohutukawa trees providing shade.
The Tamaki Drive beaches are located in Waitemata Harbour, in the luxurious suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers, in Central Auckland.
These family beaches are sometimes very busy and have a good range of shops on the coast. Swimming is not unsafe.
'Number One' is the main local beer, which is not a complex beer, but is pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called 'Manta'.
There are many French wines to be found, but the New Zealand and Australian wines are perhaps better suited for travel.
The local drinking water is safe to drink, but bottled water is also easily found if you don’t trust it.
A 'flat white' is a strange concept for Australians. Black coffee is 'espresso', cappuccino has a lot of coffee milk (without foam) and tea is served without milk.
The hot chocolate is of Belgian quality. Fruit juices are expensive, but great.
Trips to the reef occur year-round and injuries from these trips to the reef are rare.
Nevertheless, seek expert advice and follow all signs and safety warnings.
Cube box jellyfish are found from October to April in the vicinity of beaches and river mouths north of Town of 1770, and sometimes outside of this period.
Sharks do exist, but they rarely attack people. The majority of sharks are afraid of people and would swim away.
The main habitat of saltwater crocodiles is in the river mouths north of Rockhampton and they do not normally live in the ocean.
Pre-booking provides peace of mind for the traveller, knowing that they have a place to sleep when they arrive at their destination.
Travel agencies often have deals with certain hotels, but you can usually book other types of accommodation, such as a campsite, through a travel agency.
Travel agencies often offer packages that include breakfast and transport to and from the airport, and sometimes even flight and hotel packages.
They can also hold your reservation if you want to think about the offer for a little longer or if you need to acquire documents for your destination (e.g. visa).
However, if you have a request or want to make a change, you should do this through the travel agency rather than the hotel.
For some festivals, the majority of attendees at music festivals choose to camp on site and most visitors consider this to be an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action, you'll need to get there early to secure a camping spot near the music.
And remember: even when the music on the main stages is over, music might still be played on other parts of the festival site until late in the night.
For families with young children, some festivals have special camping areas.
Be careful where you put your cabin when crossing the Baltic in winter, because the passage through the ice makes a huge noise, and if you are too close, it can be dangerous.
St. Petersburg cruises include time to explore the city. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
Casinos are typically designed to maximize the time and money spent by guests, with windows and clocks typically absent and exits sometimes difficult to find.
They normally have special offers on food, drink and entertainment to keep them in a good mood and to prevent them from leaving.
Some venues offer free alcohol, but when people are drunk, it affects their judgment, and all seasoned gamblers know that it is extremely important to stay sober.
If you go up high into the mountains or drive over mountain passes, you have to take into account that there may be snow or ice and the temperature can be extremely low.
On icy and snowy roads there is little friction and it drives differently than on asphalt.
During snowstorms, enough snow can fall in a very short period of time to cause you to get stuck.
Visibility may also be impaired by falling or blowing snow or by condensation or ice on the vehicle's windows.
On the other hand, ice and snow are normal in many countries and do not hinder traffic.
The biggest tourist attraction in Africa are safaris, which are the highlight of many visitors' trips.
The term safari in popular usage refers to land travel to observe the beautiful African wildlife, especially on the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, often come close to cars and a standard kit allows for a good view.
If you want to see lions, cheetahs and leopards, you need a pair of binoculars, otherwise you are unlikely to see them.
A walking safari (also called a 'forest walk' or 'walking safari') means that you walk for several hours or days in a row.
The Paralympics are from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will be played at other locations in Japan.
Tokyo will become the only Asian city to have hosted the Olympics twice, the first time being in 1964.
If you booked flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you could be in a tricky situation.
Cancellation policies vary, but as of late March, most coronavirus-based cancellation policies are no longer valid until July 2020, when the Olympics were scheduled to take place.
Most event tickets are expected to cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, with regular tickets costing around ¥7,000.
You can dry damp clothes by ironing them. Many hotels have an iron and ironing board available. You can often borrow these items, even if they are not in the room.
If you don't have an iron or don't want to wear ironed socks, you can use a hair dryer if available.
Make sure the fabric is not too hot (this can cause the fabric to shrink or, in extreme cases, scorch).
Water can be purified in different ways. Some ways are effective in countering specific risks.
In some areas it is sufficient to boil water for a minute, in other areas water must be boiled for several minutes.
Not all filters are equally effective. If in doubt, it is best to drink water from a sealed bottle from a reliable company.
Travellers may encounter animal pests that do not exist in their home country.
Pests can spoil food, cause irritation or, in the worst case, trigger allergic reactions, spread poison or transmit infections.
Normally, infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that injure or kill people by force, are not considered pests.
Tax-free shopping means that you can buy goods at certain locations that are exempt from tax and excise duties.
Travellers heading to countries with high excise duties can sometimes save a significant amount of money when it comes to products such as alcohol and tobacco.
Point Marion and Fairmont are connected by the Buffalo to Pittsburgh highway, often driving through desolate back country, making this a great challenge.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, keep your wits about you. You will encounter many steep inclines, narrow streets and sharp bends.
The posted speed limits are noticeably lower than in previous and succeeding areas — usually around 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h — and it's even more important to stick to them here than elsewhere.
Surprisingly, you get a lot more range here than in other corners of the route, such as the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German pastries are fine and in Bavaria the pastries are quite rich and varied, just like the pastries of the southern neighbour, Austria.
You see a lot of fruit cakes. All year round the cakes contain apples, and in the summer months also cherries and plums.
Many popular German pastries contain almonds, hazelnuts and other nuts, and taste great with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want a few small but mighty pastries, try some that are called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen in the region.
To make a curry, you need spicy and hot ingredients, combined with vegetables or meat.
Depending on the amount of liquid, a curry can be 'dry' or 'wet'.
In the interior of North India and also in Pakistan, yoghurt is often used in curries; in South India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is often used.
Indonesian cuisine encompasses dishes from 17,000 islands and is an umbrella term for a variety of regional cuisines throughout the country.
But without additional information, the term refers to food that originates from the central and eastern part of the main island of Java.
Today, Javanese cuisine is available throughout the archipelago and offers a variety of simple, spiced dishes. The most common Javanese flavourings are nuts, peppers, sugar (mainly Javanese coconut sugar) and various fragrant herbs.
Stirrups support the rider's feet and hang down from both sides of the saddle.
They provide the rider with more stability, but can also bring safety problems with them because the feet of a rider can get stuck in them.
If a rider is thrown from a horse but their foot gets caught in the stirrup, they can be dragged along with the horse. To reduce the risk, a number of safety measures have been taken.
Most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, fairly narrow sole.
Some saddles, especially English saddles, have safety stirrup leathers which allow the stirrup leather to release from the saddle if it is pulled backwards as a rider falls off a horse.
Cochamó Valley - This is Chile's most popular climbing destination, known as the Yosemite of South America, and has many different large granite walls and rocks.
The mountain peaks offer breathtaking views, and climbers from all over the world are constantly discovering new routes on the rock faces, which seem to have endless potential.
Winter sports that involve descending, such as skiing and snowboarding, are very popular. You slide down a snow-covered slope with skis or a snowboard on your feet.
Skiing is a popular travel activity with many enthusiasts, sometimes referred to as "ski bums," who plan entire vacations around skiing at a particular location.
Skiing has been around for a very long time: there are cave paintings of skiers dating back to 5000 BC!
Skiing dates back to at least the 17th century and in 1861, the first recreational ski resort in Australia was opened by Norwegians.
Backpacking with skis: this activity is also called off-piste skiing, skitouring or skihiking.
It's not exactly the same, but it's like alpine skiing or mountain climbing, which is done a lot on steep terrain. Here you need much sturdier skis and boots.
You can see the ski route as a walking route.
In good conditions you can cover greater distances than on foot, but it is rare that you can reach the speed of cross-country skiing on prepared slopes without a heavy backpack.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but with many independent countries. Normally, travelers have to apply for visas and undergo passport controls several times when traveling between different countries.
However, the Schengen area functions almost as one country in this area.
As long as you stay in this zone, you can usually cross the border without having to go through passport control again.
If you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa for each Schengen country separately, which saves time, money and paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what constitutes an antique. Some tax offices define antiques as goods that are more than 100 years old.
The definition can vary by location. For example, the age limit is lower in North America than in Europe.
It is possible to label craft products as antiques, even though they are newer than comparable mass-produced products.
For the Sámi, reindeer husbandry is an important way of life, and the culture surrounding trade is also very important for many with other professions.
Even so, not all Sámi were involved in large-scale reindeer husbandry, even in traditional times. They made a living from fishing, hunting and similar activities, and reindeer were mostly used as pack animals.
Many Sámi work in modern professions today. In Sápmi, the Sámi area, tourism is an important source of income.
The word 'gypsy' is mainly used by non-Roma, but is also often considered offensive because of its associations with negative stereotypes and misconceptions about Roma.
If there is a travel advice for the country you want to go to, this can have consequences for your travel health insurance or your cancellation insurance.
You can also consult the advice of other governments, but their advice is aimed at their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East may face different situations than Europeans or Arabs.
Opinions contain only a brief summary of the political situation in a single country.
They often provide a superficial, general and simplistic view compared to other, more detailed sources.
Extreme weather is the general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can lead to damage, serious social disruption or loss of life.
Extreme weather events can occur anywhere in the world. There are different types of weather events, which vary based on geography, topography and atmospheric conditions.
The phenomena and consequences of severe weather include strong winds, hail, heavy rainfall and forest fires, but also thunderstorms, tornadoes, flash floods and hurricanes.
Snowstorms, ice storms and dust storms are examples of regional and seasonal extreme weather phenomena.
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of the risks that severe weather conditions in their surroundings may bring, as these may also affect some travel plans.
Anyone who wants to visit a country considered a war zone should be professionally trained.
A search for "hostile environment course" on the internet is likely to yield the address of a local company.
In a course, all the issues set out here are normally dealt with in more detail, usually in combination with practical experience.
A course normally lasts 2 to 5 days and consists of role-playing, a lot of first aid and occasionally weapons training.
There are many books and magazines with articles about survival in the wilderness, but there are few publications about war zones.
Travellers who have planned a sex change operation abroad should ensure that they have the correct documentation for their return journey.
It varies widely whether governments want to issue passports that do not indicate gender (X), or to amend a name or gender on documents.
There is just as much difference in the willingness of foreign governments to recognize these documents.
Security checks have also become much more extensive since 11 September 2001.
Transgender individuals who have not yet undergone surgery can assume that they will not come through this scan with their privacy and dignity intact.
Rip currents are the returning flow of waves that break on a reef or something similar and flow onto the beach.
Due to the underwater topography, the return flow is located in some deeper parts, where a fast flow to deep water can occur.
Most deaths occur due to exhaustion as they try to swim against the current, which could be impossible.
Once you have escaped the strong current, swimming back is a breeze.
Try to aim for a place where you won't be grabbed again. Depending on your skills and whether you've been noticed, you can also wait for help.
The shock of returning is worse than the culture shock (you don't have that big 'honeymoon feeling'), it lasts longer, and it can be more intense.
Travellers who adapt easily to new cultures sometimes have trouble adapting back to their own culture.
If you have lived abroad and then returned, you have adapted to the new culture and lost some of the habits of your own culture.
In the past, when you went abroad, you noticed that people were patient and understanding. They understood that travellers had to adapt to a new country.
Usually, patience and understanding are not expected from travelers returning home.
For children, the pyramid show with light and sound is one of the most interesting activities in the area.
You see the pyramids in the dark and you see them in all silence before the show starts.
Often, the sound of vendors and tourists is always audible here. The story of the light and sound is like that of a book.
The Sphinx forms the background and is the narrator of a long story.
The scenes appear as a projection on the pyramids and the rest of the pyramids are illuminated.
The South Shetland Islands were discovered in 1819 and have since been claimed by various countries, with the most bases, 16 active in 2020.
The archipelago is located 120 km north of the peninsula. The largest island is King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Others include Livingston Island, and Deception, where you'll find the flooded caldera of an active volcano that serves as a spectacular natural harbor.
Ellsworth is located on the southern side of the peninsula, near the border with the Bellingshausen Sea.
Here the peninsula's mountains give way to the plateau, then reappear to form the 360 km long Mount Ellsworth Range, which is crossed by the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern part, also known as the Sentinel Range, includes the highest mountains of Antarctica, the Vinson massif. Mount Vinson is 4892 meters high and is the highest mountain.
A satellite phone may be your only option in remote locations where there is no cell phone reception.
A satellite phone is not really a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outside with a clear view of the satellite to be able to make a phone call.
This service is often used by shipping, including recreational craft, and for expeditions where external data and communication is required.
Your local phone provider can give you more information on how to connect to this service.
It is becoming increasingly popular for people planning a gap year to travel and learn.
School leavers in particular make use of this to take a gap year before university without any adverse consequences for their education.
Often, registering for a course of study abroad during a gap year can increase your chances of pursuing higher education in your own country.
Normally, tuition fees must be paid to enroll in these educational programs.
Finland is a fantastic destination for boating. The 'Land of a Thousand Lakes' also has thousands of islands, in the lakes and in the archipelago off the coast.
A yacht is not necessary for the archipelagos or lakes.
The archipelagos off the coast and the largest lakes are indeed large enough for any yacht, but with smaller boats or even a kayak, you get a completely different experience.
In Finland so many people sail in their free time that the ratio of boats to people is one to seven or eight.
The figure is the same as in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand. Furthermore, it is quite unique (in the Netherlands, for example, the figure is one in forty).
Most Baltic cruises include an extended stay in St. Petersburg, Russia.
This way you can spend a few full days in the historic place and sleep on the ship.
Since 2009, you do not need a separate visa if you only go ashore during a boat excursion.
Some cruises include a visit to the German capital Berlin, but as you can see on the map, Berlin is not close to the sea. A visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Flying can be scary for people of all backgrounds and ages, especially if they have never flown before or if they have had a traumatic experience.
It's not something to be ashamed of: it's no different from many fears that other people have too.
If you know how planes work, this can help to alleviate a fear that comes from the unknown or from the fact that you have no control over the plane.
Courier companies receive a generous fee to deliver items quickly. For business documents, merchandise or spare parts for a necessary repair, time often plays a very important role.
Larger companies could use their own planes for certain routes, but it was more difficult for other routes and smaller companies.
If they send things by air, it can take days on some routes before they are unloaded and cleared through customs.
Only checked baggage can be processed faster. According to the rules of airlines, there must be a corresponding passenger and that is you.
The most obvious way to fly first or business class is to pay for the privilege (or better still, let your employer do it).
However, this is not cheap: the rule of thumb is that you pay about four times economy class for business, and about eleven times for first class.
It is usually not worth looking for discounts for business class or first class tickets on direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know all too well that there is a group of fliers who are willing to pay a lot of money to fly somewhere quickly and comfortably, and the companies charge corresponding fees for this.
Chişinău is the Moldavian capital. Here, the Romanian language is mainly spoken, but the Russian language is also very common.
As a multi-ethnic republic, Moldova suffered from an ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed republic of Transnistria in eastern Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by the UN members.
Economic ties have been re-established between these two parts of Moldova, despite the failure of political negotiations.
Orthodox Christianity is the main religion in Moldova.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with around 3.7 million inhabitants, the largest port after Istanbul and a good transport hub.
The once ancient city of İzmir is now a modern, developed and busy commercial centre on a bay and is surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass buildings and modern shopping centres covered with red roof tiles, the 18th-century markets, the old mosques and churches, but still the city feels more like a Mediterranean, European city than traditionally Turkish.
In the village of Haldarsvík, you can enjoy views of the nearby island of Eysturoy, as well as a special church with eight corners.
There are some interesting marble sculptures of doves on some of the graves in the churchyard.
If you have half an hour to spare, you should definitely take a look around this village.
In the north, you will find the easily accessible, romantic and fascinating place of Sintra, which became famous with foreigners after Lord Byron spoke with praise about the beautiful monuments there.
The Scotturb bus 403 runs regularly to Sintra, with a stop at Cabo da Roca.
Also head north to see the stunning Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (a temple complex), where internationally renowned apparitions of Mary have taken place.
Remember that you are actually visiting a mass grave, but also a place that has an almost immeasurable significance for a large part of the world population.
Many of the men and women who survived their time here are still alive, and many of them have loved ones who were murdered there, or who worked themselves to death, both Jewish and non-Jewish.
Show all appropriate respect, solemnity and dignity during your visit. Do not trivialise the Holocaust or Nazism.
Do not damage the site by marking or graffiti on the buildings.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the inhabitants prefer to speak Catalan, the vast majority can understand it, and almost everyone speaks Spanish.
However, most signs are in Catalan, because according to the law, that is the first official language.
Spanish is widely spoken in public transport and other facilities.
Normal announcements on the metro are only in Catalan, but unscheduled interruptions are made by an automated system in several languages, including French, Arabic, Spanish, English and also Japanese.
Parisians are known to be selfish, rude and arrogant.
Although this is usually just an incorrect stereotype, it can't hurt to put your best foot forward in Paris and behave like someone who is 'bien élevé' (well-mannered). This will make it a lot easier to explore Paris.
The hard exterior of Parisians quickly disappears when you show that you are familiar with their way of doing things.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested and this woodland is mainly composed of beech, fir and pine trees, and includes a combination of alpine and Mediterranean flora.
There are a particularly large number of different plant communities, due to the different microclimates, the different types of soil and the varying differences in altitude.
This area is also the habitat of a very wide range of animal and bird species.
Rare animals such as the European brown bear, the wolf, the eagle, the owl, the lynx, the wild cat and the black grouse can be found here, alongside many more common species.
When women visit a monastery, they are required to wear a skirt that covers their knees and their shoulders must be covered.
As a woman, you usually get a shawl when you arrive unprepared at a monastery, but if you bring your own, with nice bright colours, the monk or nun at the entrance will smile at you.
On the other hand, men must wear trousers that come down to at least the knee.
You can also borrow these from the stock at the entrance, but this clothing is not washed after every use, so you might not feel comfortable wearing it. One size fits all for men!
Like many other Mediterranean regions, the cuisine of Majorca is based on bread, vegetables and meat (especially pork) and makes extensive use of olive oil.
A simple and popular dinner dish, mainly during the summer months, is the Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and whatever condiments are available, such as cheese, tuna, etc.
Proper nouns, like Sie, which means you, always have a capital letter at the beginning, even if they are in the middle of a sentence.
This is how you make a major difference between a number of verbs and objects.
It probably also makes reading easier. However, writing is more complicated, because you have to figure out whether a verb or adjective should be used as a noun.
Most Italian words are spelled exactly as they are pronounced, so pronunciation is generally not a problem.
You have to pay the most attention to the c and the g. The pronunciation of these letters depends on the vowel that follows.
You also have to pronounce the r and rr differently: caro means sweetheart, while carro means cart.
The Persian language has a relatively simple and mostly regular grammar.
Reading this introduction to grammar will teach you a lot about the grammar of Persian and help you understand sentences.
It's pretty logical that if you know a Romance language, it's easier for you to learn Portuguese.
But people who speak a bit of Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is so similar that you don't need to learn it separately.
Pre-modern observatories are now obsolete, and serve as museums or educational attractions.
Light pollution wasn't as big a problem back then as it is now, so they were often built in cities or on campuses, more accessible than those of today.
Most modern research telescopes are huge facilities built in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Hanami is the viewing of cherry blossoms and has been part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
In China, plum blossoms were the favorite flowers and that is where the concept came from.
Japan's first cherry blossom festivals were organized by the emperor and were intended only for him and other aristocrats at the imperial court.
Plants look best in a natural setting, so you must resist the urge to remove even 'just one' species.
If you collect samples during a visit to a landscaped garden, you will be denied access to the garden immediately and without discussion.
Singapore is generally a very safe place to stay, very easy to navigate and almost everything is available after arrival.
But if you are in the 'high tropics', just a few degrees north of the equator, you experience both heat (always) and strong sun (when the air is clear, which is less frequent).
There are also some buses heading north to Hebron, the traditional burial site of the biblical patriarchs Isaac, Jacob, Abraham and their wives.
Make sure that the bus you take really goes to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good holiday destination.
For example, you can visit castles in the Loire Valley or the Rhine Valley, book a cruise to the interesting cities along the Danube or take a boat trip along the Erie Canal.
They also indicate popular walking and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, celebrating the birth of Jesus.
People who do not believe in Christian countries and non-Christians all over the world have also adopted many traditions that belong to the holiday.
There is a tradition where you stay up all night until you can see the sunrise at some point.
Of course, there are Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could just as well be a pre-Christian spring and fertility ritual.
In traditional churches, a Paschal Vigil is often held on the Saturday evening of the Easter weekend, where the congregations often celebrate the resurrection of Christ at midnight.
All the animals that originally arrived at the islands got here by swimming, flying or floating.
Because of the long distance from the mainland, mammals were unable to make the journey, making the giant tortoise the most common grazing mammal on the Galapagos Islands.
Since humans first set foot on the Galapagos, all sorts of mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, cows, rats, cats and dogs.
During the winter, the Arctic and Antarctic regions experience polar night, which means that the sun does not actually rise.
There is a good chance you will see the aurora borealis, as the sky will be more or less dark day and night.
The areas are sparsely populated and light pollution is therefore not often a problem, which means that you can also enjoy the starry sky.
The Japanese work environment is more structured and formal in nature than in the Western world.
Overalls are standard work clothes and colleagues call each other by their last name or job title.
Unity in the workplace is crucial, with a focus on group performance rather than individual work performance.
Employees often need permission from their supervisors before they can make a decision, and they are expected to blindly follow their supervisors' instructions.
