This document follows the provisions of GB/T 1.1-202 Long-term Standardization Work Guidelines Part 2: Structure and Drafting Rules of Standardization Documents.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 "Information Technology" Chinese coded character set. Compared with GB 18030-2005, in addition to structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main expansion changes are as follows:
The applicable objects of this document have been added (see Chapter 1),
In the double-byte coding area, the GB/I 13000 code positions corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components have been changed, and 6 repeatedly encoded Chinese character components and 9 repeatedly encoded Chinese characters have been removed (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
Changed 18 GB/T 13000 code positions in the four-byte coding area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 version);
The appendix "Additional Chinese Characters and Radicals/Parts" has been deleted. See Appendix 0 of the 2005 edition,
Increased level of implementation" (see Chapter 9);
Added an informative appendix "General Standard Chinese Character Table; Code Position of Yizi", see Appendix Diao.
Please note that some content in this document may be subject to patents. The publisher of this document assumes no responsibility for identifying patents.
This document is proposed and administered by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The previous versions of this document and the documents it replaces are as follows:
It was first published as GB 18030-2000 in 2000 and revised for the first time in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030-2022
"Information Expansion Technology" Chinese coded character set
1 This document specifies the hexadecimal representation of Chinese graphic characters and binary encoding for use in information technology.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other text and graphic character information.
This document is applicable to technical products with information processing and exchange functions for Chinese and other text and graphics characters, including but not limited to input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text Software products represented by transcription, Qiao Neng writing, etc., as well as electronic products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book readers, learning machines, etc.
2. Regulatory citations
The contents of the following documents constitute essential provisions of this document through normative references in the text.
Among them, for dated referenced documents, only the version corresponding to that date applies to this document; for undated referenced documents, the latest version (including all amendments) applies to this document.
GB/T 2312-1980 "Chinese coded character set for information exchange" basic set
GB/I 11383-1989 "Information processing" eight-bit code structure and coding rules for information exchange
GB/Work 13000 Universal multi-octet coded character set (UCS) for information technology
3 Terms and definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 character character
An element in a collection of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 coded character coded character
Characters (3.1) and their encodings.
3.3 User-defined area private use area
Users of products complying with this document may define areas themselves.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by a set of coded characters (3.2).
3.5 reserved zone
Areas reserved for future regulation in this document.
GB 18030-2022
4 vocabulary
4.1 Overview
The characters included in this file are encoded in single-byte, double-word or four-byte encodings.
The single-byte part contains all 128 characters from 0x00~0x7F of GB/T 11383-1989.
4.3 Double-byte part
The double-byte part contains all graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
The characters of the double-byte part are as specified in Appendix A.
Among them, the graphics, code positions and functions of ideographic descriptors should comply with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified encoding of Chinese characters used in China, Japan, France, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract glyphs are assigned a separate code position; Chinese characters with different sources but the same abstract glyph are assigned a shared code position.
The encoded Chinese characters are called CJK Unified Chinese Characters (CCJK Unified Ideographs), where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Four-byte part
The four-byte part contains the 66 CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000 (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding the 8 characters 9FB4~9FBB), CJK unified Chinese character expansion A, and CJK unified Chinese characters in addition to the above-mentioned double-byte characters. Extensions include BCJK Unified Chinese Character Extension C, CJK Unified Chinese Character Extension DCJK Unified Chinese Character Extension, CJK Unified Chinese Character Extension F and the characters of ethnic minority scripts that have been encoded in GB/Work 13000.
The characters of the four-byte part are as specified in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the text, numbers marked with 0x in front of them represent hexadecimal, and numbers without 0x represent decimal.
All codes in the appendix are expressed in hexadecimal, and other numbers are expressed in decimal.
The single-byte part adopts the encoding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using 0x00~0x7F code points.
The double character part uses two eight-bit binary bit strings to represent a character. The first byte code bits range from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the last byte code bits are 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE respectively.
The four-byte part uses GB/Work 11383-1989 and the unused 0x30-0x39 as the suffix for the double-byte encoding expansion, and the encoding range is 0x81308130-0xFE39FE39.
The encoding range of the first character of the four-byte character is 0x81 to 0xFE; the encoding range of the second character is 0x30 to 0x39; the encoding range of the third character is 0x81 to 0xFE; the encoding range of the fourth character is 0x30 0x39. That is: 0x81308130 - 0x81308139; 0x81308230 - 0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30 - 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 - 0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c "0URo23061393 0xFE 39FE30 - 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code point range allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
6 character arrangement order
6.1 Arrangement order of some characters in single word brush
The characters in single-character records are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 Arrangement order of some characters in double-character city
The sequence of characters under the double word should be in accordance with Appendix A.
6.3 Arrangement order of some characters in the four-character brush
There are a total of 50400 code points from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, which correspond to all characters of the GB/T 13000 Basic Multilingual Plane not included in the double-byte part. They are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters of the GB/T 13000 Basic Multilingual Plane.
A total of 1058400 code points from 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39 are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000. The character arrangement sequence is completely in accordance with the sequence of the corresponding code points of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The sequence of characters in the four-byte part should comply with Appendix C.
7 code point allocation
1. Code point allocation for the single-character city part
The code points of the single-byte part are allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
The allocation of single-byte code bits is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code point allocation of double word part
The code bit arrangement of the double-byte part is divided into two parts: 0x8140~-0xFE7E and 0x8180-0xFEFE, a total of 23940 code bits.
The double-byte code bit allocation is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 code points
Double byte zone 1: 846 code points
SS WA and RS Shuangningjie Zone 3 6080 code point
First byte 0xA8~0xA9 double byte area 5: 192 code points
3. Double-character vegetable part coding space structure diagram
Table 2 Code bit arrangement of the double word part
Human code point range
Code bit allocation for the four-word brush part
The four-byte part contains Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters.
The allocation of four-byte human code bits is shown in Table 3.
The allocation of four-byte human code points not specified in Table 3 is shown in 6.3.
Table 3 Code bit arrangement of the four-word news part
Code point range
Table 3 Code point arrangement of four-byte part (continued)
code point range number of code bits characters
A total of 25200 code bits from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined areas.
Other unoccupied four-byte code bits are reserved areas for future file expansion.
8 Description of some characters and codes
Compared with GB 18030-2005, the glyphs in some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General
This document specifies three implementation levels.
System software products that comply with the corresponding implementation level should provide input and output functions for all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Implementation Level 1
Implementation level 1 document supports the CJK unified Chinese characters (ie 0x82358F33 - 0x82359636) and the CJK unified Chinese character extension A (ie 0x8139EE39 - 0x82358738) for the single-byte encoding part, the double-season encoding part and the four-character lower code part.
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements of Implementation Level 1.
Note: According to the needs of software application, implementation level 1 can also choose to support any one or more non-Chinese character languages listed in Table 3.
9.3 Implementation Level 2
Implementation level 2 contains implementation level 1.
In addition, implementation level 2 also maintains the coded Chinese characters in the "General Standard Chinese Character Table" that are not included in the implementation level 1.
The code positions and glyphs of the Chinese characters included in the "General Standard Chinese Character Table" in this document are shown in the appendix.
System software and supporting software should meet the requirements of implementation level 2.
Note: System software and support software include but are not limited to operating systems, database management systems, and middleware (see GB/Work 36475 for information on software product classification).
9.4 Implementation Level 3
Implementation level 3 contains implementation level 2.
In addition, implementation level 3 also maintains all Chinese characters specified in this document and the Kang and Hei radicals in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of implementation level 3.
Note: Government services and public service industries include but are not limited to railway transportation, road transportation, water transportation, air transportation, multimodal transport and transportation agency, postal industry, monetary and financial services, insurance, land, and management industries. , health, state agencies, social security, etc. (For information on industry classification, see GB/Work 4754).
Appendix A (normative)
double word character table
A.1 Table contents
This table gives the glyphs and codes of double-byte encoded characters, and also gives the corresponding GB/T 13000 code position of the character.
A.2 Description of table
Examples are as follows:
First byte, second byte low bit
Double byte area 3
Second byte high bit GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (Regulations)
Ideographic descriptor
This appendix contains 13 ideographic descriptors specified in GB/TI 13000, and gives their graphics, code locations and function descriptions.
See Table B.1 for specific content.
Table B.1 Graphical, code location and functional description of ideographic descriptors
The code points of this document GB/T 13000 have similar but different function descriptions and are used to express a foreign word using a certain word.
left and right structure
upper and lower structure
left center right structure
upper middle lower structure
Fully enclosed structure
Return to the surrounding structure
Return to the surrounding structure
Back to right surround structure
Return to the lower right surrounding structure
Return to the lower left surrounding structure
Return to the upper right surrounding structure
Rental structure
Appendix C (normative)
Four-character book character table
C.1 Contents of table
This table gives the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters. It also gives the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code and position of the character. The glyphs of other parts are omitted.
Description of C.2 table
Appendix D (informative)
Description of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions
B 18030-2005 specifies the temporary code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000. These code positions have been adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Adjusted code correspondence〈 continued)
This document and GB 18030-2005 correspond to the GB/T 13000 code point corresponding to this document.
D.2 6 Chinese character components deleted in the double-character area
Table D.2 Code positions and reserved glyphs
D.3 9 CJK-compatible Chinese characters deleted in the double-character lower area
This document deletes the 9 CJK Lurong Chinese characters from GB/TI 13000 included in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 The 9 deleted CJK compatible Chinese characters and their code positions
Appendix opens (informative) "General Standard Chinese Character Table" Code positions of Chinese characters
This document contains all 8105 standardized Chinese characters in the 4 General Standardized Chinese Characters List approved and released by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. Their code positions and glyphs are shown in Table 1.
The order of Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of standardized Chinese characters in 4 General Standardized Chinese Character Tables. Chinese characters with serial numbers 1 to 3500 are first-level Chinese characters, Chinese characters with serial numbers 3501 to 6500 are second-level Chinese characters, and Chinese characters with serial numbers 6501 to 8105 are It is a third-level Chinese character.
Table E.1 "General Standard Chinese Character Table" Chinese character glyphs and code positions
GB/Gong 4754 National Economic Industry Classification
GB/Gong 36475 Software Product Classification
General standard Chinese character list. State Council of the People's Republic of China (Guofa (2013] No. 23).
The content of this man page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone maintains it voluntarily, EURo files and Info files are authoritative documents.
If you find any inconsistency between the man page and the software, please check the Info
If we find that the content of this manual page is causing obvious confusion and complaints due to being out of date, we will stop publishing it. There is no other option, like updating the Info file at the same time as updating the man page, because the other work of maintaining Gnu cc is not left We have time to do this. The GNU Project believes that the man manual is an outdated product and that the time should be spent elsewhere.
For complete and up-to-date documentation, consult the Info file `gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual. Both are derived from the Texinfo original file gee. texinfo.
DESCRIPTION The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They both process input files in one or more of four steps: preprocessing, Hii (compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking).
The source file suffix identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix controls the default settings:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c file, and sets the link in c form,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c++ file, and sets the c++ form of linkage.
The source file suffix name indicates the language type and subsequent operations:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
. CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i preprocessed c file; compilation, assembly
.ii preprocessed c++ file; compilation, assembly
.s assembly language source program; assembly
Assembly language source program; preprocessing, assembly
.h preprocessor file; files with other suffix names that usually do not appear on the command line are passed to the linker. Usually include:
.0 Object file
.a archive file (Archive file)
Linking is always the final step unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the complete process).
In the connection phase, all .e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, and unrecognized file names (including the specified .o H standard files and .a library files) are passed to the connector in the order in the command line OPTIONS
Options must be given separately: de ' is completely different from `-d -r '.
Most ` -=E : and `-W' options have two opposite forms: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
Only formats that are not the default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all options, grouped by type, with explanations in later chapters.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Explicitly indicate that the language of the following input file is language (rather than the default selection derived from the file name suffix).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next `-x' option is encountered. The optional language
Turn off any explicit specification of the language, so subsequent files are processed according to the file name RE AS E ` -x' option).
If you only operate part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, linking), you can use the `-x' option (or Ah after the file name) to tell geo where to start, use `~-c', `-s ' , or the `-E' option tells geo where to end. Note that some option combinations (e.g., `-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF =c compile or assemble source files, ETER. ERA ATI missing In other cases, GCC replaces the source filename with the `.ec' standard filename by replacing the source filename with `.o'. You can use the -o option to choose another name. GCC ignores any unrecognized input after the -ec option -SF matter.
target file.
It stops after compilation and does not assemble the file.
Use pipes instead of temporary files to work between different stages of the compilation process, because the assembler of those systems cannot read data from pipes. The GNU assembler does not have this problem. The assembler can accept C "dialects": Support ANSI conformance Standard C program.
This will turn off some feature keywords in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as ANSI trigraph features such as unix and vax that indicate when and rarely used, and disable even though they are used (Annotation: hosted environment) ) are available, the main function returns an int value, a typical example is almost all programs except the kernel. The corresponding independent environment (f£reestanding environment) does not have a standard library, and the program entry is not necessarily main. The obvious example is the operating system kernel. For details, please refer to the latest information on the gcc website)
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', they are handled in C style --- that is, the number or type of parameters is not specified. (C++ only).
Normally, such a function foo in C++ means that the parameters are empty.
The section listing was removed from here to attempt to support some aspects of traditional C compilers.
See the NU c manual for details. We have removed the details so that people will not HERI when the content becomes outdated.
Except one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the ` -traditional' option has the side effect of allowing assignment to this.
It has the same effect as the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp Attempts to support some aspects of the traditional Cc preprocessor.
Specifically what is said above about the preprocessor, but not the other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers Allow the `$' character in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the `"-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly disable the use of the `$' character.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' character by default on some target systems, but not all.)
-fenum-int-equiv Allow implicit conversion of ant types to enumeration types (enumeration) (MEF c++).
Normally GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int, but not vice versa.
-fexternal--templates Generate smaller code for template declarations (c++ only) by making a copy of each template function only where they are defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark `#pragma implementatio' (definition) or `#Pragma interface' (declaration) in all files that use templates.
When a program is compiled with `-fexternal-templates', template instantiations are all external types. You must make the required instances appear in the implementation file.
This can be achieved through a typedef, which references each instance required.
Correspondingly, if compiled with the default option `-fno-exteznal-templates', all template instances are explicitly made built-in.
All member functions (except constructor functions and mnew or delete member operators) are treated as virtual functions of the class.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal vtable.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch Allow type mismatch in the second and third parameters of the conditional expression.
The value of this expression is Void. -fthis--is-variable allows assignment to this (c++ only).
Incorporating user-defined free storage management mechanisms into C++ makes assignable `this' obsolete.
Therefore, by default, assignment to this within a class member function is an invalid operation.
However, for backward compatibility, you can enable this operation via the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, like unsigned char.
Various machines have their own default char type. It may be unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz when relying on the symbolic nature of the data.
But many programs have been written to use only simple chars, and sometimes these are signed numbers (or unsigned numbers, depending on the machine the program is written for).
This option, and its opposite, cause such programs to work with the corresponding default values.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
These options are used to define signed or unsigned bitfields if no `signed' or "unsigned" modifier is explicitly declared.
By default, bitfields are signed because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed. However, if the `-traditional' option is specified, bitfields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in a writable data segment without special treatment.
This is for compatibility with some older programs, where changing string constants is a very bad idea. The `-traditional' option has the same effect.
executive Summary
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
The impact could be similar to the 2008 economic crisis
The global COVID-19 epidemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
The disease has overwhelmed health services to the point of collapse in many countries, and restrictions imposed by governments have caused severe disruptions in the global economy.
For the drug market, the impact of the epidemic is unclear and difficult to predict, but it is likely to be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to make drugs as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers unable to cross borders due to travel restrictions may have to find new routes and methods.
Patterns of drug use and supply may change, and governments' ability to respond may be hampered.
The transformation brought about by COVID-19 is unprecedented, but there are lessons that can be learned from previous crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began searching for cheaper synthetic substances, and their use patterns shifted toward injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut drug-related budgets.
If governments respond to the current economic downturn in the same way, interventions to prevent drug use and related risk behaviors and drug treatment services are likely to be hit hard.
Additionally, interdiction operations and international cooperation may be prioritized less, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Some countries have large quantities of drugs smuggled on commercial flights, and drug trafficking in these countries is expected to be the most directly affected.
Couriers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in carry-on backpacks or hidden in personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. With restrictions on air passenger travel almost everywhere, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs may be completely disrupted.
Although international postal supply chains have also been disrupted, trafficking activities using the dark web and cargo mailings are likely to increase.
In the long term, the economic downturn and associated lockdown measures may disrupt the drug market.
As a result of rising unemployment and lack of opportunity, poor and vulnerable people will be more likely to use drugs in harmful ways, develop drug use disorders, and turn to illegal drug-related activities – whether production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation by providing services to vulnerable populations and recruiting new members to bolster their ranks.
As government capacity to respond diminishes, these shifts may quickly take hold and become the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
market growth
Population growth patterns partially explain market expansion
Drug abuse has been increasing around the world, both in terms of overall numbers and as a proportion of the world's population who use drugs.
In 2009, there were an estimated 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018 there were an estimated 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3% of this population.
Over the past two decades, drug use has increased much faster in developing countries than in developed countries.
This partly reflects the difference in overall population growth during this period, 7% in developed countries and 28% in developing countries, but it also reflects the faster growth of young populations in developing countries.
Teenagers and young adults make up the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population of this age group increased by 16% in developing countries, while it decreased by 10% in developed countries.
1 Urbanization is a driver of current and future drug markets
In both developed and developing countries, drug abuse is more common in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to large-scale migration from rural to urban areas - more than half of the world's population now lives in urban areas, compared with 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of drug markets, especially in developing countries where urbanization trends are more pronounced.
Increasing wealth is associated with increased drug use, but it is the poorest who bear the greatest burden of disease. Worldwide, drug use is more common in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs like cocaine are more closely associated with wealthier parts of the world.
Likewise, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among wealthier segments of society.
But it is people of lower socioeconomic status who turn to drug use disorders at higher rates.
Data from a few countries indicate a link between harmful drug use patterns and illnesses and low income.
These patterns appear to be less common among wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate risks for the most vulnerable groups, including people who use drugs.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have been associated with increased drug use in the past, and the pandemic has forced tens of millions of people around the world to lose their jobs.
COVID-19 may lead to further expansion of the drug market. The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in illicit crop cultivation, either because national authorities have less control capacity, or because more people may be affected by the economic crisis. They have to take desperate measures and engage in illegal activities.
Trafficking by sea may have increased as a result of COVID-19-related restrictions that have reduced air and land traffic, as the risk of interception at sea is low and greater volumes are smuggled than by air or land.
There have been recent reports of cocaine shipments being shipped directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The emergence of non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but potentially harmful new opioids are increasing and drug markets are becoming increasingly complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. Non-medical uses of pharmaceuticals are also increasing rapidly.
There are approximately 500 new active substances on the domestic market of Member States each year.
Most of these are currently stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and, to a lesser extent, opioids.
While the overall number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportions have changed.
Among the total number of new psychoactive substances identified in 2014, opioid new psychoactive substances accounted for only 2%, but by 2018, this number had risen to 9%.
Opioids, many of which are analogues of fentanyl, have proven potency and harm and have caused overdose deaths in North America and, to a lesser extent, other regions.
In North America, fentanyl is used as an adulterant in heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, and in the manufacture of counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
There is some evidence that injecting new psychoactive substances also occurs in Europe: a study of discarded syringe residues in six European cities found that many syringes were contaminated with stimulant new psychoactive substances.
2 Use of new psychoactive substances may become increasingly entrenched among vulnerable groups
A single type of new psychoactive substance almost never develops a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups in society, such as homeless people and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with the majority identifying synthetic cannabinoids as a major challenge.
Control of precursor chemicals forces drug producers to innovate. Many of the chemicals most commonly used as precursors in the synthesis of drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine and “ecstasy” are already under international control.
Drug traffickers and producers are always looking for alternatives—not just less regulated substances, but also chemicals designed specifically to evade controls, so-called "designer precursors."
Restrictive measures aimed at stemming the spread of COVID-19 are likely to further squeeze drug producers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests this is already a reality: In March 2020, a reported shortage of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia prompted increases in methamphetamine prices in Mexico and the United States.
The market is changing rapidly
Synthetic drugs replace opiates in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opiate markets in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appear to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The amount of opiates seized by authorities in the Russian Federation has dropped by approximately 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use has dropped significantly.
But the doping market seems to be booming.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including mephedrone and a-pyrrolidinyl phenylpropyl ketone, are now widely available on Russian drug markets.
Russian authorities have reported a sharp rise in the number of recently seized clandestine laboratories manufacturing various illicit drugs, more than doubling in two years to 152 laboratories in 2018.
Methamphetamine market growth in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal methamphetamine has emerged as a major drug of concern alongside Captagon and Tramadol.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug users reporting that cannabis was more difficult to obtain than Captagon or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities discovered a number of methamphetamine laboratories, and the Board has expressed concern about the large imports of pseudoephedrine preparations, which are used as precursors in methamphetamine laboratories.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacturing appears to have begun in 2014.
Since then, methamphetamine seizures have been steadily rising.
But seizures in the first half of 2019 amounted to 657 kilograms – a sharp increase compared to the previous year.
Large seizures of methamphetamine thought to have originated in Afghanistan have been made in other countries, also indicating that production in that country is rising rapidly.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions that have legalized the non-medical use of cannabis have seen an increase in cannabis use.
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical use of cannabis.
In Colorado and Washington, two of the first U.S. states to pass legislation, adult non-medical use of marijuana has increased, particularly in the past month and daily or nearly daily use, exceeding the national average since 2012 level.
All indicators show that cannabis use has increased in Uruguay since 2011, with use nearly doubling last month.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is regular and frequent cannabis use.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that usage increased while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019.
However, 40% of cannabis users in 2019 still relied on illegal sources to obtain some product.
Legalization behind global collapse in cannabis herb seizures?
Global seizures of cannabis herb fell to their lowest level in 20 years in 2018, driven by a decline in seizures in North America, which has fallen 84% over the past 10 years.
By comparison, seizures in other parts of the world nearly doubled during the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at liberalizing the cannabis market played a key role in the decline.
Regulation of new psychoactive substances appears to have a deterrent effect. The effectiveness of domestic regulation of new psychoactive substances remains difficult to assess.
Some countries with different regulatory regimes for NPS show different prevalence rates of NPS use.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased following the adoption of domestic legislation.
Vulnerable populations face harm from both legal and illicit drug markets. Medicinal opioids used for pain management and palliative care are primarily available in high-income countries and are unevenly distributed across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all medicinal opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
These countries account for approximately 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries account for 88% of the global population but consume less than 10% of medicinal opioids.
Barriers to accessing medicinal opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of developing a drug use disorder, with an estimated 35.6 million people living with a drug use disorder in 2018.
Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug use disorders and exacerbate their consequences. This is corroborated by studies in high-income countries, in which individuals' adverse socioeconomic trajectories—not just their status at a certain point in time—are also associated with drug use disorder risk.
Drug use disorders also contribute to a vicious cycle of disadvantage by deepening socioeconomic disadvantage and further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness. These results may also be related to stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, sexually diverse groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disaster, and people in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by drug use disorders or experience problems accessing treatment services.
The impact of harmful drug use on wider society has worsened over the past decade, according to the disability-adjusted life year (DALY) indicator, which estimates years of healthy life lost due to disability and premature death.
Between 2007 and 2018, the number of global disability-adjusted life years attributed to drug use increased by 17%.
The increase in DALYs associated with liver cancer caused by untreated hepatitis C, which is common among people who inject drugs, is particularly high—up to 40 percent.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex and it is difficult to establish all causal links between psychoactive substance use and violence.
Limited data worldwide suggest that intoxication may be an important factor in homicides.
But alcohol appears to play a greater role than drugs in violent incidents.
While drug use may lead to delinquency, in some cases this link can be attributed in part to a variety of mediating factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment, and peer influence.
The links between drug trafficking and violence are multifaceted.
Large-scale organized crime, including international drug trafficking, has the potential to be carried out without violence if stable criminal structures are in place.
In the short term, the presence and extent of violence will depend less on the volume of trafficking than on certain changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized crime groups, such as changes in the size of illicit markets, the death or imprisonment of high-profile criminals, and enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.
latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most harmful
An estimated 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most used drug in the world.
By comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
But the harms associated with opioids have been overlooked because so few users use them.
Such substances were responsible for 66% of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug use disorders in 2017 and 50% of the 21 million years of life believed to have been lost to drug use-related disability or premature death. caused by similar substances.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids fuels public health crisis
In West, Central and North Africa, it's tramadol that's exacerbating the opioid crisis; in North America, it's fentanyl. The two regions have little in common in terms of their economies, demographics or general drug use patterns, but both are grappling with an opioid crisis fueled by a substance that is easily available and cheap to produce.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has contributed to a 20-year increase in opioid overdose deaths.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada reported similar results, albeit with lower numbers.
Part of the reason for overdose deaths from fentanyl is the unpredictable potency of fentanyl on the illicit drug market.
The market for non-medical tramadol has grown significantly in West, Central and North Africa.
An increasing number of patients are being treated for tramadol-use disorders in the region.
In 2017, the amount of tramadol intercepted globally increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.
But in 2018, after India passed a new law regulating tramadol, global seizures fell to 32 tons.
Contributing to the crises in both places is the simplicity and low cost of manufacturing, in addition to the lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogs or their precursors.
Exacerbating the crises in both places is that these substances are available on both pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making their abuse more difficult to detect and prevent.
Stimulant use on the rise
The stimulant sector is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, with use of both substances rising in their major markets.
Approximately 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, as cocaine is popular in North America and Western Europe.
Approximately 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most commonly used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most available indicators, methamphetamine use has been expanding in both regions for 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes substituting for each other, so that use of one drug rises as the use of the other falls, sometimes increasing and decreasing simultaneously to meet demand in the same market.
COVID-19 puts people who inject drugs at increased risk
It is estimated that there were approximately 11.3 million people who injected drugs in 2018, and approximately 10% of global HIV infections were caused by injection drug use.
More than 1 million people who inject drugs are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million people are suffering from hepatitis C.
In 2017, approximately 585,000 people died due to drug abuse, half of them from liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and hepatitis C among injection drug users remains mostly untreated.
5 Opioid shortages caused by COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to substitute more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injecting or injecting more frequently, more harmful use patterns may emerge.
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headphones
user's Guide
product description
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it in a safe place.
The headphones themselves are equipped with medium-sized ear canals. If you feel uncomfortable, you may want to use the small size of the earphones.
01 Wear headphones
Gently insert the ear tent diagonally downward into the ear canal, and tilt the head gently to keep the earphones from moving.
When talking on a call, point the headset microphone towards your mouth to make the call clearer.
When making calls, please adjust the earphones to expose the microphone.
Before charging and turning on the phone for use, please tear off the charging points of the left and right earphones and fully charge the charging box and earphones.
Plug in the charging cable to charge the earphones and charging box at the same time.
When the charging box is not fully charged, the red charging indicator light stays on. After it is fully charged, the charging:3 indicator light goes off.
When the headset is charging, the red light of the headset indicator light stays on, the headset is fully charged, and the white light of the headset indicator light stays on for 1 minute and then goes out.
02Charge and turn on
The earphones are in the charging box. Take the earphones out of the charging box and turn them on automatically.
If the earphones are not in the charging box and are turned off, press and hold the multi-function button for about 1 second (the white light will stay on for 1 second).
Press and hold for about 1 second
White light stays on for 1 second
Shut down
Put it into the charging box and the earphones will turn off automatically.
When the phone is on, press and hold the multi-function button for about 5 seconds (the red light stays on for 2 seconds)
Press and hold for about 5 seconds
The red light is always on 2 machines
03 Get started
Automatic connection: Move two headphones from the charging box to the other.
The two magic tricks automatically activate and the white light turns on.
Then the red and white lights returned to six. The left and right bags were connected in series.
When the white light of the left/right earphones flashes, open the device and search for "RedmIArDots2" and click to complete the connection.
After the first connection, Nangzhi can automatically connect back to the last paired device when it is turned on (Bluetooth needs to be turned on).
Notice:
If the connection fails, put the earphones back into the charging box. Repeat the above actions.
Press and hold for about 1 second to turn on
Headphone indicator light
Single-ear/dual-ear switching is free; after the two earphones are successfully connected, it is a dual-ear connection; put any earphone back into the charging box and shut it down, and the other earphone will enter the single-ear mode. Take it out again to automatically restore the binaural mode.
Manual connection: When the earphones are turned off, manually turn on the two earphones. The white light is on, then the red and white lights flash quickly, and the left and right earphones are automatically connected in series. When the white light of the left/right earphones flashes slowly, the device Bluetooth search connection is turned on.
Headphone reset
If the headset cannot be connected and used normally, please refer to the following methods to reset it.
Earphones: Take the earphones out of the charging box. In the off state, press and hold the multi-function button of the two earphones for 15 seconds. After the red and white lights flash alternately 3 times, release and put them back into the charging box (clear the earphones and mobile phone. record of consecutive awards).
04The product accessories, user interface and other illustrations in the manual are schematic diagrams and are for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the schematic diagrams. Please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi Ecological Chain Enterprise)
Address: No. 60, Industry Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongliang District, Chongqing
Service hotline: 400-100-5678
For relevant information about this strict procedure, please check the sales website: www micom
Bak Ming Shu Zhu Ben Sing: V10reae
Feature points
The following functions can be operated on both the left and right earphones. When a call comes in, press once to answer the call; during a call or outgoing call, when hanging up the phone music, play/pause the audio. Press and hold for about 1 second to release.
When a call comes in, when rejecting the call, switch to the headset/mobile phone to listen. Double-click
During a call, start/disable mute mode
When in standby, turn on the voice assistant (the device needs to support the voice function and turn on the quick wake-up setting)
Answer the second incoming call and switch calls
When there is a new call during a mobile phone call, click the multi-function button to put the previous call on hold and answer the second call; double-click the multi-function button to switch between the two calls.
Basic parameters
Product Name: Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset
Product model:TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of headphones
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameters: 5V 2 100mA
Net weight per ear: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free air environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5 0
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/ HSP/AVRCP
Call time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
warn
1. Do not disassemble, repair or modify the headphones for any reason, otherwise it may cause a fire or even completely damage the product;
2. Do not place the device in an environment where the temperature is too low or too high;
3. When using the device indicator light, please keep it out of the eyes of children or animals;
4. Do not use the device during thunderstorms. Thunderstorms can cause abnormal operation of the device and increase the risk of electric shock;
5. Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product;
6 Do not let this product come into contact with liquids.
Notice
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 You must choose a charger produced by a regular manufacturer and certified by the national CCC
3 Continuous use of headphones for a long time can damage your hearing. Please control the use time and volume reasonably;
4 Using headphones will reduce the perception of external sounds. Please do not use headphones in environments that may threaten safety.
Basic parameters of charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5 to 500mA
Output parameters: 5V to 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty Instructions
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product has strict after-sales service
In accordance with the "Consumer Rights and Interests Protection Law of the People's Republic of China" and the "Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China", after-sales three guarantee services are implemented. The service content is as follows:
1. Warranty policy
1 Within 7 days from the day after you sign for it, if this product has performance failures listed in the "Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", and it is detected and determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can enjoy free return or exchange service;
2 Within 8 to 15 days from the day after you sign for it, if this product has performance failures listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Fault Table", it can be determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center.
3 Within 12 months from the day after you sign for it, if this product has performance faults listed in the "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table", and it is detected and determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can enjoy free maintenance services.
1Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product performance fault table
Name performance failure
1 No sound is heard during use.
"Electric tooth headset" 2 During the call, the other party cannot hear the sound.
Unable to charge.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 Unauthorized maintenance, misuse, collision, misuse, misuse, liquid intrusion, accidents, modifications, incorrect use of non-product accessories or tearing or altering labels and anti-counterfeiting marks;
2 The validity period of the three guarantees has exceeded;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Situations that do not meet the performance faults listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table"
5 This product and its accessories have performance failures listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table" due to human reasons.
Name and content of harmful substances in products
Hazardous substances This form is prepared in accordance with the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of this part is below the limit requirements specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates refugee policy, EU officials: bottlenecks in the reception process - China News Service
EU summit quarrels over refugee policy, EU officials: There are bottlenecks at every step of the reception process
[Global Times Special Correspondent in Belgium Niu Ruifei] According to an Agence France-Presse report on February 10, at the latest EU summit that day, European Commission President von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration. This makes it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
According to reports, the EU's move is a response to Europe's growing concern about illegal immigration. Today, the EU's core problem is that the number of illegal immigrants who can ultimately be deported is very small.
EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize substantial EU funds" to strengthen external borders with means such as infrastructure and surveillance, according to summit documents.
However, the EU is at loggerheads with member states over issues such as payment for the fence.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly said that EU funds will not cover the relevant costs.
But diplomats from some member states said that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along its external borders, it would free up national budgets to speed up the construction process.
According to the European Euractiv website, EU officials admit that there are bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process. Limited reception capacity and overwhelmed immigration authorities of member states cannot prevent refugees from submitting "numerous" asylum applications in EU countries. The EU's refugee reception system is at a near-zero level. In "The Permanent Crisis".
According to estimates by the European Commission, the EU's Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half from the previous year.
At the same time, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries can return illegal immigrants based on a court judgment of another member state.
In addition, the report said that EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of security states", which would open the way for the EU to develop a common list.
(Source: Global Times Author: Niu Ruifei)
The United States escalates its "chip war" and severely damages the global semiconductor industry-China News
Recently, the United States' "chip war" with China has been escalating. First, under pressure from the United States, the Netherlands and Japan agreed to initiate controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China. Later, foreign media reported that the United States government was considering cutting off the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China. All connections between U.S. suppliers and Huawei, prohibiting U.S. suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to announce an executive order to restrict U.S. investment in the sensitive Chinese technology industry... Not long after the start of 2023 , the United States has continued to make bad moves to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped cracking down on China's "core" development. While accurately suppressing China's semiconductor production and supply chain, it is building a "de-Sinicized" semiconductor industry chain alliance in an attempt to completely "throw away" the advanced semiconductor industry. China.
Whether it is wooing South Korea to establish a "technical alliance", establishing a chip "Quadruple Alliance" with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, or establishing a semiconductor industry chain through mechanisms such as the "Quadrilateral Mechanism" of the United States, Japan, India and Australia and the "Indo-Pacific Economic Framework". Small circle", the United States introduces politicized, camp-based, and weaponized methods into the semiconductor industry in an attempt to build a closed production and supply chain cycle led by the United States, thereby making up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintaining its position in the global chip industry. Dominance.
However, the United States' high-profile "core tactics" against China also "injure the enemy by one thousand and damage itself by eight hundred."
Recently, Lam Group, a well-known American chip manufacturing equipment supplier, announced that due to the latest round of export ban on chip manufacturing equipment to China, the group will lay off 1,300 full-time employees and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
Global lithography machine giant ASML Holdings of the Netherlands recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China may lead to an increase in semiconductor prices.
According to U.S. media analysis, after the U.S. government implemented brutal suppression of China’s chip and semiconductor industries, many U.S. companies have suffered greatly, including electronic design automation tool developers, chip designers, wafer manufacturing equipment manufacturers, and chip manufacturers themselves. wait.
The United States' so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has already formed a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain.
According to professional estimates, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross borders of various countries more than 70 times, and the entire process can take up to 100 days.
Although the U.S. semiconductor industry has a strong foundation, its manufacturing capabilities, especially advanced process technology, are relatively weak and it relies heavily on East Asia.
Even if the United States tries its best to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to shift to the "small circle" regional development led by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of global semiconductor-related industries will be difficult to change.
The United States has vigorously "reshaped" the "de-China" semiconductor industry chain and severely damaged the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry cannot be separated from the participation of all countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively promulgating the Innovation and Competition Act, the American Competition Act of 2022, and the Chip and Science Act, to use technological hegemony to consolidate its technological leadership; it has used both kindness and power to induce allies to Forcing Intel, TSMC, Samsung and other chip manufacturing companies to set up factories in the United States, they strive to ensure the United States' global leadership in the chip field.
In the short term, the United States has indeed caused trouble for the development of China's chip industry and related industries and reaped real benefits.
But in the long run, the United States' hysterical suppression will force China's chip industry to continue to make breakthroughs, causing it to lose the huge Chinese market. It will eventually greatly weaken the innovation willingness and ability of American technology companies and harm the development of the global chip industry.
gaucho
The first batch of personal pension financial products go on sale and can only be held for a minimum of 360 days - China News Service
The first batch of personal pension financial products go on sale
The 7 products available from this institution can only be held for a minimum of 360 days.
Personal pension financial products are finally online.
On February 10, China Financial Management Network released the first list of personal pension financial management products. Seven personal pension financial products from ICBC Financial Management, ABC Financial Management and China Post Financial Management were officially launched.
At this point, the "shelf" of personal pension accounts finally includes four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension financial management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public funds.
According to reports, the first batch of personal pension financial management products are all net-worth public offering open-end products, including 5 new products and 2 existing products. Except for 1 product, which is a hybrid product, the remaining 6 products are all fixed products. Income products.
A Beijing Youth Daily reporter saw that 4 of the 5 newly launched products were from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which were fixed-income products. The minimum holding periods were 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days respectively. The corresponding performance comparison The benchmarks (annualized) are 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, and 5.25% - 5.75% respectively.
The remaining newly issued product is "Postal Bank Fortune Tianyi·Hongjin Minimum Holding 1095 Days No. 1", which is also a fixed-income product. The fundraising started on February 10 and ended on February 19. The risk level is Level 2 .
Among the two existing products, one is the ABC Financial Management "ABC Tongxin·Lingdong" 360-day technologically innovative RMB financial product. The investment nature is mixed and the risk level is level three.
Another existing product is "Postal Bank Fortune Tianyi·Hongjin Minimum Holding 365 Days No. 1", a fixed income type. It started raising funds on December 30 last year and officially started operations on January 4 this year. The cumulative total on February 8 The net value is 1.0011.
According to the "Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Personal Pensions", financial products in which personal pension account funds can be invested include bank financial management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, public funds, etc.
The first batch of personal pension financial products are on sale, marking that personal pension investors can officially purchase financial products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the "Interim Measures for the Management of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies."
The "Measures" stipulate that participants can purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension financial products, personal pension insurance products, and personal pension public fund products through personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice clarifying that the personal pension system will be launched in 36 pioneer cities and regions including Beijing, Tianjin, Shijiazhuang, Xiongan New Area, Hebei, and Jincheng, Shanxi.
As of the end of 2022, the number of personal pension participants was 19.54 million, the number of contributors was 6.13 million, and the total payment amount was 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, banks participating in the pilot only listed three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products and personal pension public funds.
Now that personal pension financial products are also available, how should investors choose?
Experts from the Bank of Communications' wealth management product research and development department said that compared with other personal pension products, the pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products in the pilot phase have three characteristics.
The first is robustness, with a more complete risk management mechanism, more robust investment strategies and concepts, and the implementation of independent third-party custody other than the parent bank.
The second is long-term. The term of pension financial products in the pilot phase is 5 years or more. For personal pension financial products issued in the next step, the minimum holding period is in principle one year, and holdings of more than 3 years are encouraged.
The third is inclusiveness. The product purchase threshold is low. The starting point is generally 1 yuan, and some are as low as 0.01 yuan. The product custody fees, management fees and other rates are more favorable.
Professionals pointed out that investors should make choices based on product characteristics and their own risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have the characteristics of longer term, higher interest rate and high security, and are suitable for people with weak risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products focus on protection and are more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; Personal pension financial products and public fund products do not guarantee capital or income, and have certain investment risks, but the expected returns are relatively high, and are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk tolerance.
Text/Photographer Cheng Jie Coordinator/Chi Haibo
The fitness industry should get rid of the trust crisis-China News
Another large gym "thunder"?
Recently, the issue of protecting the rights of Zhongjian Fitness members, a well-known fitness institution, has attracted public attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not operating normally. Subsequently, rumors about the organization closing down and running away caused panic among members, leading to the intervention of the public security and human resources departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the organization responded and promised to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the storm subsided.
Some stores of individual fitness institutions encountered operating problems and were temporarily closed. Consumers could have calmly waited for the problem to be resolved. Why did the first reaction of many members be that "something bad is going on"?
Behind the controversy over health club members’ rights protection is the deep-seated issue of the industry’s trust crisis.
Domestic traditional gyms generally adopt a prepaid model, and "making money that users cannot earn" is the underlying logic of their development.
Obtaining cash flow through pre-sales of membership cards and constantly opening new stores may seem like a cycle, but in fact it is difficult to achieve a stable profit model.
Negative information about gym running and other industries is frequently spread, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the perspective of market prospects, gyms can certainly be regarded as a good business with "money prospects".
Although the fitness track has its ups and downs, it has always attracted capital attention.
Various data show that the popularity of cultural and sports consumption and other fields continues to rise, and the market continues to pick up.
Specific to the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards and the concept of healthy living being deeply rooted in the hearts of the people, the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation becomes, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, some institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after consumption recovery. Just after emerging from the crisis, they have sounded the clarion call to expand their territory and invested all their financing funds in the construction of new stores.
It is undeniable that due to the impact of the epidemic in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn and the industry has been reshuffled. At this time, powerful companies are selectively increasing acquisitions and re-layout, which may not be a new opportunity.
However, if the development of the fitness market is to enter a virtuous cycle and embark on a stable and long-term development, the industry must change its traditional model and change its business strategy.
Only by working steadily and re-establishing consumers' trust and sense of security can we truly win the market and win the future.
Rather than building new stores to seize the market, what the fitness industry needs now is to focus more on optimizing services and use high-quality development to stabilize users.
First of all, we must rely on services to retain users.
Gyms belong to the service industry, and their essence is to adhere to "user orientation", closely focus on user needs, and focus on improving service quality and upgrading.
Secondly, we must rely on digital transformation to improve user experience.
For example, the currently popular Internet gym model allows users to pay per visit and choose their own venue.
At the same time, body data and sports data can be effectively used to meet social needs and achieve a complete closed-loop service from online to offline.
There is no personal training promotion or huge annual membership card. Users’ worries about fitness institutions running away are reduced and their sense of trust is enhanced.
In addition, we must actively explore diversified business formats.
Nowadays, sports consumption has shifted from single services to scene consumption. Fitness clubs are expected to become a new entrance to consumption. Peripheral products such as sports supplies and fitness equipment required for fitness may become new profit points, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianjiao
Buy more and get the difference back!
Nanjing property market reappears "price difference compensation"-China News
Yangzi Evening News (Reporter Ma Zuobo) A Yangzi Evening News/Ziniu News reporter discovered during an interview on the 10th that the "guaranteed price agreement" that had not been seen for more than ten years has returned to the Nanjing property market. A real estate property located in Jiangbei New District claimed to "compensate for the price difference." Before the house is handed over, the discounts on other houses are greater than the previous discount, and the developer is willing to change the house for the buyer and refund the difference.
There are many conditions for a "guaranteed price agreement"
This property located in Jiangbei New District is called Poly Yangtze Cuiyuntai. The housekeeper, Mr. Sun, told reporters that he found a "statement" while browsing the property last weekend.
The picture he sent to reporters showed that the developer of the property promised that anyone who purchases a house between February 1st and February 28th will receive a refund from the date the two parties sign the sales contract until the corresponding house is delivered. If the project If the preferential discount for other houses is greater than the discount for the previous purchase (limited to other unsold commercial houses of the same house type, same building, same unit, and same property type as the commercial house), the developer can change the house for the buyer and refund the difference. .
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this is actually a "guaranteed price agreement". The purpose is to allow buyers to buy with confidence and not to worry about price reduction promotions by the development company. "Now I am afraid that the price will be reduced after buying it. Why don't you go to the sales office to make trouble?" Time, if there is no trouble, it will be really heartwarming."
There are also many home buyers who believe that although the "guaranteed price agreement" is a "reassurance" for home buyers, the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who plans to buy a house she needs in Jiangbei, said that the guaranteed houses must first of all be of the same apartment type, in the same building and in the same unit. There are very few houses that buyers can compare prices with, so the "threshold" is still quite high. of.
Some home buyers also believe that due to information asymmetry, additional concessions are not excluded during sales, making it difficult for buyers to "protect their rights."
Whether it can retain home buyers remains to be seen.
The reporter inquired on Nanjing Online Real Estate and learned that this property had a total of 252 sales of two buildings in November last year. The unit areas are 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc., and the sales of fully decorated units were all The price is 39843 yuan/㎡.
However, more than two months later, online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in this building is currently 157, accounting for 62.3%. Among them, there are 128 units in Building 8, and the number of unsold units reaches 113. Among the 124 units in Building 7 There are also 44 units unsold, and the total number of units sold in the project is only 33 units, accounting for only 13%.
According to market participants, "guaranteed price agreements" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, Hengtang Xiyuan, a real estate project on Huangshan Road in Hexi Province, launched a "Guaranteed Price Plan" in order to attract the attention of home buyers. The specific content is: "The company solemnly promises that if the project discount range is expanded within one year, the company will cover the resulting difference. The difference will be refunded to the old owner."
After that, in April 2011, nine real estate developers in Nanjing offered some of their properties and promised to "compensate for the price difference."
"The property market is picking up, and a shot in the arm is needed at this time.
"Mr. Shen, a senior trader in Nanjing's real estate industry, said that "guaranteed price agreements" are also one of the marketing methods of real estate companies.
He believes that development companies now need more confidence than home buyers, and the launch of the "guaranteed price agreement" is actually to encourage them.
As for whether home buyers can be retained, he said that this depends on the impact of multiple factors such as regulatory policies and loan thresholds. At present, it remains to be seen.
Taiwan's economy performs poorly at the start of the year due to recession in multiple data - China News Service
Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, February 11th (Reporters Zhao Bo and Huang Yang) The export trade volume has been "black for five consecutive months", the manufacturing purchasing managers index (PMI) has contracted for 7 consecutive months, and the consumer price index (CPI) has seen another " "3"... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have successively released economic data for January 2023.
Expert analysts believe that Taiwan's economy performed poorly at the beginning of the year and there is considerable pressure on growth.
According to the financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities, Taiwan's exports in January this year were US$31.51 billion, a year-on-year decrease of 21.2%, the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export value of 11 major export categories all declined compared with the same period last year.
Plastics, rubber and their products, and optical equipment suffered the deepest declines, with year-on-year decreases of 37.6% and 35.7% respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decline in 11 years.
Among them, integrated circuits fell by 18.3% year-on-year, the largest decline in 14 years.
Cai Meina, director of the statistics department of the department, said this shows that the effects of weak demand in the consumer electronics industry have spread and the electronics industry has entered a correction period.
Statistics show that Taiwan's import and export dropped in January, with the excess amount being only US$2.34 billion, the lowest level in the past three years.
The financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities believes that global terminal demand has decreased, industrial inventory adjustments have inhibited manufacturers' willingness to purchase materials, and the export decline is unlikely to improve in the short term. Taiwan's exports may decline in the first quarter of this year higher than expected.
According to Taiwan's China Economic Research Institute, Taiwan's manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) in January this year was seasonally adjusted at 40.4%, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year and contracting for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring indicator system, PMI uses 50% as the boom and bust line. If the index is greater than 50%, it represents expansion of the economy, and vice versa.
Among the five components of Taiwan's PMI in January, new orders, production and manpower employment contracted, supplier delivery times decreased, and inventories contracted.
The six major industries all reported PMI contraction. The industries in order of contraction speed were the electric power and machinery equipment industry (35.1%), the electronics and optical industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), and the basic raw materials industry (35.2%). 42.4%), transportation industry (42.6%) and food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the Taiwan authorities' Accounting and Accounting Office announced that Taiwan's CPI annual growth rate was 3.04% in January this year, breaking through 3% again since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared 28.25%, hitting a 17-month high.
Cao Zhihong, a special committee member of Taiwan's Accounting General Office, said frankly that the increase in vegetable prices has indeed exceeded expectations. Excluding the Spring Festival factors, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year. Inflationary pressure still exists and is still high. point.
Looking forward to Taiwan's economy this year, experts are pessimistic based on reports from local media such as "United Daily News" and "Yahoo Finance".
Wu Daren, a professor at the Department of Economics at National Central University in Taiwan, analyzed that the decline in exports may cause cash flow problems for export manufacturing manufacturers and increase the risk of debt defaults.
At the same time, reduced orders have caused manufacturers to cut labor costs, affecting the labor market and household economy, which in turn affects consumption capacity.
Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, believes that the inflation situation in Europe and the United States this year remains unresolved and demand continues to shrink. It is expected that Taiwan's export recession will continue into the first half of the year.
Since Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, affected by the sluggish exports, the economic growth performance throughout the year will not be as good as last year.
“An important engine of global recovery”-China News
“In response to the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic, China’s economy has demonstrated strong resilience.
Recent market expectations indicate that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
Julio Rios, a well-known Spanish expert on China issues and honorary consultant of China Policy Observer Network, said in a recent interview with this reporter that China's epidemic prevention and control has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released.
Rios said that in the face of the impact of various unexpected factors, China has responded calmly with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully demonstrating its economic resilience and management level.
While China unswervingly expands its opening up to the outside world, the endogenous driving force for economic development continues to increase, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises develop in a coordinated manner.
China's National Two Sessions are held every year, where representatives discuss the country's development plans and discuss hot issues of people's livelihood, building broad consensus, gathering people's hearts and wisdom, and adding strength to China's development.
“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term rapid development and has now entered a stage of high-quality development.
The international community looks forward to Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions, and looks forward to China's development bringing new opportunities to the world.
Rios said that China is currently making every effort to promote technological innovation and inject new impetus into economic and social development. "Fund investment, talent training, and policy incentives will make China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan."
According to Rios, economic system reform is an arduous task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has taken active measures to stabilize the economy by leveraging the strengths of both the market economy and the socialist system.
Focusing on the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, increase financial support for the real economy, support the development of private, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industries, adhere to innovative development, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the people's multi-level and diversified consumption needs …China’s complete, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development concept, efforts to promote high-quality development, and the construction of a new development pattern will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the joint construction of the “Belt and Road” initiative.
“Economic stabilization and recovery after the epidemic is the common goal of the international community.
The continuous release of China's economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
" Rios said that he hopes that the cooperation in building the "Belt and Road" will continue to play its important role in improving the infrastructure level of various countries and strengthening connectivity in various fields, and will continue to release greater momentum.
(This newspaper reports from Madrid)
(People's Daily reporter Yan Huan)
Report: The number of international students returning to China to find jobs in 2022 reaches a new high - China News Service
Top 10 countries for overseas students who will return to China to find jobs in 2022. Source: "2022 China Returnees Employment Survey Report"
China News Service, Beijing, February 11 (Xinhua) (Mengrui) The recently released "2022 China Returnees Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") shows that the number of overseas students graduating in 2022 will increase by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of overseas students returning to China to seek employment has reached a new high. , the demand for overseas talents by Chinese enterprises is also on the rise.
The report points out that since 2020, the number of overseas returnees seeking jobs in China has increased significantly, and the number of recent overseas students returning to China to find jobs has increased.
Compared with 2021, the number of international students graduating in 2022 will increase by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of international students returning to China to find jobs has reached a new high.
Judging from the distribution of study abroad countries for international students who return to work for jobs, the United Kingdom accounts for the highest proportion at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%). The rankings are consistent with 2021.
Judging from the year-on-year growth rate, the number of fresh international students from Malaysia, Japan, and Singapore in 2022 will increase significantly year-on-year, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9%, and 37.7% respectively.
The number of fresh international students from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia decreased year-on-year.
Source of supply and demand trend of returnee talents in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023: "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"
The survey shows that among the international students who decided to return to China, 58% believed that "domestic life is more convenient", 40% decided to return because they "more recognized the domestic cultural environment", 32% believed that "domestic employment opportunities are more", and 22% believed that domestic economic activities It will accelerate recovery and create more job opportunities.
Data shows that domestic enterprises are currently experiencing rapid demand for overseas talents, and the demand for returned talents is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, both the number of positions prioritized for overseas returnees and the number of overseas returnees seeking jobs in China showed an upward trend. The number of jobs prioritized for overseas returnees on February 3 increased by 11% compared with January 28, and the number of overseas returnees seeking jobs increased by 27%.
From an industry perspective, among the priority positions for returnees in 2022, the number of positions from the education/training industry accounts for 27.8%, ranking first, followed by the professional services/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries with 14.3% and 11.1% respectively. three.
Changes in the number of overseas returnees seeking jobs in China in recent years. Source: "2022 China Returnees Employment Survey Report"
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary for returnee priority positions has increased for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month (RMB, the same below) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan/month from 13,719 yuan/month in 2021, an increase of 7%.
By region, returnees' willingness to develop in new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier and below cities will increase in 2022. The delivery proportions in 2022 will be 31%, 15.7%, and 14.3% respectively, which are all higher than those in 2021. Delivery ratio.
Regarding the gains from studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said they were basically in line with expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points from the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said it was higher or much higher than expected, which is also higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(over)
Save half the cost or more?
Henan Province standardizes integrated dental implant medical service prices-China News
CCTV news: Dental implants are an ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but the price of tens of thousands of yuan per tooth has always kept many patients away.
Since the beginning of this year, with the accelerated implementation of centralized purchasing of dental implants, various regions have also put price reductions on dental implants on the agenda.
Starting from February 10, the price regulation target for the whole process of medical service for a single conventional dental implant in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the cost of the whole process for a single conventional dental implant shall not be higher than 97% of the regulation target.
Dental implants refer to a method of repairing missing teeth based on a lower structure implanted in bone tissue to support and retain the upper dental restoration.
The reporter learned from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University that taking a single conventional implant as an example, the price from implant to final repair is about 16,000 to 7,000 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that for a situation like mine, the cost would be more than 8,000 yuan and less than 10,000 yuan, so I could basically save half of it.
On the basis of current projects, Henan Province has also integrated and determined 15 oral implant medical service price items such as "implant implantation fees (single)", and unified the prices and medical insurance payment categories of provincial public medical institutions, canceling or The price of 20 medical service items such as dental implant placement has been adjusted.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Pharmaceutical Pricing, Tendering and Procurement Department of the Zhengzhou Municipal Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are the four parties. One is medical insurance. Medical insurance expenditures are reduced; hospitals are less occupied, and the number of patients will increase appropriately; for suppliers, there are benefits A market; it is the party that benefits the most for our patients. The cost of a tooth implant may be halved or even more.
Shenzhen: To build the first high-speed pioneer city in China and the world’s leading one - China News Service
China News Service, February 11. According to the "Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology" WeChat public account on the 10th, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the "Shenzhen Rapid Pioneer City Construction Action Plan."
It is proposed that by the end of 2023, a high-speed, large-capacity, low-latency super-broadband network will be built to achieve the network construction goals of "double gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and everything connected", and create the first domestic and world-leading network Speed pioneer city.
The "Plan" proposes to accelerate the upgrade of gigabit optical networks.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The "Plan" requires comprehensively improving the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Research and formulate Shenzhen 5G network service quality standards, conduct 5G network testing and evaluation, and improve 5G network service quality.
Support basic telecommunications companies to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places. 10,000 new 5G base stations will be added throughout the year. The city's average download rate will reach 500Mbps and the uplink rate will reach 100Mbps. The download rate in key areas will reach 1,000Mbps and the uplink rate will reach 200Mbps. Network speed and user experience have been greatly improved.
Build a city-level high-quality wireless LAN.
Formulate wireless local area network (WLAN) service specifications in public places, promote WLAN upgrades in areas with dense population and concentrated information consumption needs in various districts of the city, and provide gigabit access capabilities.
Relying on "Shen i Network" to build a unified certification and supervision platform for the city's public wireless LAN to achieve "one-time certification, senseless roaming, and intelligent switching", and support operating entities to include self-built APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities into certification Supervision platform.
Before the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded access APs will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the "Plan" also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical transport network, build a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and improve Internet application service capabilities.
The "Plan" clearly states that we will jointly build an IoT sensing system.
Explore the construction and management model of urban sensing terminals based on the "open source Hongmeng" operating system, reduce docking costs, accelerate the construction of city-level IoT sensing platforms, and promote network and data interconnection between urban IoT platforms and professional IoT platforms in various fields. .
Deepen the application of IoT sensing in urban management, livelihood services, public safety, transportation and other fields, and expand fixed sensing collection channels such as urban roads, buildings, and public facilities, and mobile sensing collection channels such as intelligent connected vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of water and electricity IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be created.
The "Plan" also mentions strengthening the integrated application of satellite and ground communications, laying out the construction of low-altitude network infrastructure, and promoting deep coverage of maritime 5G networks.
At the same time, it will promote in-depth coverage of maritime 5G networks, build an industrial innovation and development ecosystem, and support the hosting of top events and activities.
(China News Finance)
"New variables" are emerging in China's e-commerce industry. How to achieve "content is king" when bringing goods?
- China News Service
China News Service, February 11th: "New variables" have emerged in China's e-commerce industry. How to achieve "content is king" when bringing goods?
China News Service reporter Xia Bin
“We entered e-commerce late, but we realized from the beginning that content is very important if we want to stand out from thousands of stores.
"Fangfang, a "post-90s" girl from Guangdong, now runs a nourishing food store on Douyin e-commerce, allowing an offline store with a history of more than 30 years to "bloom" online.
Imitate the tone of old Hong Kong movies and add classic Cantonese songs. Open the @Fangfangrenshi Douyin account. The beautiful videos are refreshing.
At the recently held Douyin e-commerce "Looking for Companions·High-Quality Content Sharing Special", Fangfang spoke as a representative of high-quality creators and introduced her daily creative experience and experience.
She said at the scene: "The carefully polished video has attracted the attention of many netizens. Many people are interested in my ingredients and want to cook delicious food together, and the sales have suddenly opened up.
"
Fangfang relied on her soup-making videos to make more people fall in love with "the taste of Lao Guang." She sold up to 300,000 pieces of nutritious ingredients in one live broadcast, saving her family's old store from bankruptcy.
"No content, no e-commerce." With the continuous development of short video and live broadcast e-commerce, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of the development of live streaming, live broadcast rooms often used low price discounts to attract users, and the price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenon-level Vs such as Liu Genghong and Oriental Selection, as well as many unknown experts and merchants who have emerged in vertical segments. They have continued to create high-quality content that is in line with their own brands and have enhanced their long-term success. Business Benefits.
Gao Yaxuan, head of Douyin e-commerce star author operations, said that in the past year, 6.27 million creators monetized their content through Douyin e-commerce. Their content creation volume increased by 252%, and their total transaction volume more than doubled.
“Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving and vital author ecosystem.
" Gao Yaxuan said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the "E-commerce Industry Content Ecological Health Index (ECHI) Report", which analyzed the "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry from the data dimension - the importance of high-quality content, using The index evaluates the content ecology of 27 mainstream domestic e-commerce platforms.
According to the e-commerce industry content ecological health index ranking reported above, Douyin E-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com rank among the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept that integrates e-commerce and content. However, not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professionally produced content) and UGC (user-generated content) can It is a high-quality carrier that integrates with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce implantation, and the stronger the commercial value. This kind of public The proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption that is gradually integrated and distributed in the domain and private sectors will be higher.
At the scene, Yu Guoming, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, analyzed and interpreted the "Report".
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from the "consumption accessibility" stage to the "consumption quality" stage. High-quality, professional and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the foundation and starting point of the new stage of e-commerce development. PGC content such as knowledge payment, professional knowledge, KOL (key opinion leaders) has begun to become standard in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guoming put forward two suggestions.
One is to promote the overall improvement of the ecological health and quality of e-commerce content from the perspective of content structure improvement, create positive content creation and management standards, and achieve the content ecological health system index and dynamic balance of the e-commerce industry.
The other is from the perspective of external ecology, to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value collaboration and co-creation of the external environment.
"In the future, the e-commerce industry will also need more data and artificial intelligence support to form predictions for future development stability; in addition, it will provide merchants with a more standardized and healthy growth space to realize the realization of enterprises, users, and products in the e-commerce industry. Collaborate with the value of services to create a healthy content ecosystem.
"(over)
Beijing Stock Exchange's margin trading business starts next week - China News Service
Report from this newspaper (Reporter Sun Jie) Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange announced that with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will be officially launched on February 13. By then, the margin trading and securities lending business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will be officially launched. Securities companies with trading authority can accept entrustment from investors to declare margin trading and securities lending transactions to the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The first batch of 56 stocks subject to margin trading and securities lending will be determined with January 31, 2023 as the calculation base date.
The North Exchange stated that the list of stocks subject to margin trading and securities lending and the list of securities that can be used as margins will be published through the "Information Disclosure - Margin and Securities Lending Information" column on the official website of the North Exchange to facilitate investors' inquiries.
Margin margin trading is an important basic system of the securities market and a relatively mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of the announcement of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on the margin trading and securities lending business.
The launch of the North Exchange's margin trading is an important measure to continue to promote the construction of the North Exchange's market system, improve the trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The margin trading system is conducive to enriching investors' trading strategies, meeting investors' diverse trading needs, promoting market price discovery, and further improving market liquidity.
Next, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Beijing Stock Exchange will continue to do a good job in safeguarding the margin trading business, enrich trading system tools based on investor needs, improve relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to create innovative services for small and medium-sized enterprises. first-class exchange.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing. He Lifeng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech-China News
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11th: On February 11th, the 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing in a combined online and offline manner.
He Lifeng, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida in Bangkok and to strengthen China-Japan green development cooperation.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, accelerate the green transformation of its development model, further promote environmental pollution prevention and control, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon peak and carbon neutrality, and coordinately promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion, and growth , promote ecological priority, conservation and intensive, green and low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue to deepen cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and people-to-people and cultural exchanges, and push the green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Yasunomi Nishimura attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum is co-organized by China's National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Commerce, Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, and the Japan-China Economic Association. It includes a main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, vehicle electrification and intelligence, hydrogen energy, and China-Japan long-term trade.
Representatives from the governments, enterprises and institutions of China and Japan conducted exchanges.
The Chinese rescue team continues to carry out rescue operations in Turkey and has rescued 4 trapped people-China News
China News Service, February 11. According to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on the 11th, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team, which was searching and rescuing in Turkey, dispatched 3 operational teams and 45 rescue team members to rescue a trapped person.
At the same time, two search and assessment teams were dispatched to conduct assessment and inspection of 15 buildings on Vodabashi Street.
So far, a total of 4 trapped people have been rescued, 5 victims have been searched, and 25 severely collapsed buildings have been assessed for life signs and risks.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force based on the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue site, and continue to carry out in-depth rescue work.
The rescue team obtains rescue and help information through various channels such as the embassy, local governments, and United Nations rescue organizations, and verifies each case one by one through online inquiries, on-site searches, and other methods.
Introduce the current rescue environment and building collapse to the Hong Kong, China rescue team, and jointly carry out search operations.
Currently, we are jointly responsible for the regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team. At the same time, we dispatched three team members to participate in the work of the Regional Rescue Coordination Center No. 5. We communicated with many teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman, etc., and learned about the United Nations Rescue Organization and The rescue work of rescue teams in various countries.
The rescue team continues to strengthen safety management and team protection, and in accordance with the principle of "unified command, safety first", strengthens safety control at the rescue site, strengthens discipline requirements for rescue work, and clarifies safety precautions.
Continue to operate the rotating duty preparation and sentry work system to strengthen camp safety management.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide physical examination services to team members every day and strengthen medical protection for key personnel. Currently, all members of the rescue team are in good health and are conducting disinfection in the camp area.
Since the establishment of the camp, the logistics support team has built a total of 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical decontamination, living accommodation and kennels, and provided more than 30 sets of on-site rescue equipment.
Commentator of Xinhua News Agency: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project - Four Thesis provides a profound understanding of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China - China News Service
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11, Title: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project-Four Discussions deeply understand the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China
Xinhua News Agency commentator
“Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires overall consideration, systematic planning, and overall advancement, and correctly handles top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and openness to the outside world and a series of important relationships.
General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the laws of modernization at the opening ceremony of a seminar for new members, alternate members of the Central Committee and main leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to study and implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party. , in-depth and systematic clarification of a series of major relationships that need to be handled in practice, and provides a scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization, and is related to the governance of the party, the country, and the military, domestic affairs, diplomacy, and national defense. It requires systematic planning, the courage to reform and innovate, and continuous overall advancement.
To carry out top-level design, we need to have a deep insight into the general trend of world development, accurately grasp the common aspirations of the people, and deeply explore the laws of economic and social development, so that the formulated plans and policy systems reflect the times, grasp the laws, and be creative, and achieve a combination of long-term and near-term. The content is coherent and content-coordinated.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are still many unknown areas. We need to boldly explore in practice and promote the development of the cause through reform and innovation. We must not sit back and wait for the solution.
Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must enhance the foresight of the strategy and use scientific strategies to foresee and lead the future; we must enhance the overall nature of the strategy and focus on solving major issues that affect the success or failure of the party and the country's undertakings and affect the whole body. ; To enhance the stability of the strategy, once the strategy is formed, it must be adhered to for a long time, stick to the end, and achieve success.
We must scientifically grasp the dialectical and unified relationship between strategy and tactics, organically combine the principles of strategy with the flexibility of tactics, be flexible, adaptable, and make decisions on the fly, and seize the strategic initiative by adapting to local conditions, moving according to the situation, and following the trend.
The Chinese nation is a nation of integrity and innovation.
To properly handle the relationship between integrity and innovation, we must not only safeguard the origin, root and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements, and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, but also It is necessary to place innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, comply with the development requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively recognize changes and adapt to changes, vigorously promote reform and innovation, constantly shape new development momentum and new advantages, and fully inspire the whole society Create energy.
Efficiency is an important foundation for fairness, and fairness is a strong guarantee for efficiency.
As we advance Chinese-style modernization, we must not only create higher efficiency than capitalism, but also more effectively maintain social fairness, and better achieve the balance, promotion, and unity of efficiency and fairness.
We must properly handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness, continuously realize development for the people, rely on the people for development, and share the results of development by the people, so that the results of modernization can benefit all people more and more equitably.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we need to properly handle the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both dynamic and stable and orderly.
It is necessary to coordinate the two major issues of development and security, implement the overall national security concept, improve the national security system, enhance the ability to safeguard national security, and resolutely safeguard the security of national power, system security, ideological security and security in key areas.
It not only considers security factors more in development, enhances national security strength through development, and uses development results to consolidate the foundation of national security, but is also good at creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, constantly stimulating development vitality, and achieving high-quality development and high-quality development. Positive interaction with horizontal safety.
To advance Chinese-style modernization, we must not only stick to our own path, but also expand our global vision, insist on opening up to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must adhere to independence, self-reliance and self-reliance, insist on putting the development of the country and the nation on the basis of our own strength, and insist on firmly controlling the destiny of our country's development and progress in our own hands.
We must continue to expand high-level opening up to the outside world, deeply participate in global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, share development opportunities in mutual benefit and win-win, and create a better future together.
Only by following the path can you go far.
Under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, and under the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, let us grasp the rules and practice them diligently, give full play to our enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, and correctly handle a series of major issues. relations, work hard on the new journey of comprehensively building a modern socialist country, and constantly open up new realms of Chinese-style modernization.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) The Biden administration on Friday (February 10) blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of being involved in the spy balloon program.
The U.S. Department of Commerce stated that these five Chinese companies and one research institution help modernize the Chinese military, especially aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
Blacklisted companies have difficulty obtaining U.S. technology exports.
The list is called the "entity list" and listed companies will not be able to purchase technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they obtain a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The companies included in the blacklist are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., China Electronics Technology Group Corporation No. 48 Research Institute, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Eagle Gate Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., and Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. Company and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to this, the White House said it was considering taking broader measures to "expose and deal with" China's larger-scale surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident triggered further tensions between China and the United States, with U.S. Secretary of State Blinken canceling his visit to China.
After the United States shot down a balloon on February 4, the Chinese government lodged stern representations with the U.S. Embassy in China, criticizing the United States for severely impacting and damaging the efforts and process of stabilizing Sino-U.S. relations.
Based on the existing evidence of wreckage and information from the Chinese military’s procurement platform, the U.S. government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon “has a direct relationship with the Chinese People’s Liberation Army” and is an approved supplier by the Chinese military.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said at a press conference on Friday that China has explained the situation and position on many occasions regarding the accidental incident of a Chinese unmanned airship accidentally entering U.S. airspace due to force majeure.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs website, she added that the relevant resolutions in the US Congress are pure political manipulation and hype.
China is strongly dissatisfied and firmly opposed to this.
Matthew Axelrod, Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Enforcement, said: “Today’s actions demonstrate our joint efforts to identify and deter China’s use of spy balloons that infringe upon U.S. and 40 Airspace of multiple countries.
"
Reuters reported that an employee at Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said he was unaware of the sanctions and declined further comment.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States and China have yet to comment on the information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Statement: All contents of this article are protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in restitution and criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) Several days have passed since earthquakes struck parts of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is getting slimmer. However, a family of five rescued on Saturday gave search and rescue workers great relief.
According to the Associated Press, a family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under rubble for more than five days in the town of Nourdai, the hardest-hit area in Gaziantep Province.
Search and rescue personnel first pulled the mother and daughter from a pile of rubble, and then found the father, but he insisted on saving his son and another daughter first.
When they were all rescued, cheers erupted from the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaras, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued under severe cold weather conditions.
"What day is it today?
"--the boy who was trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the search and rescue personnel who rescued him after being brought back to the surface.
A Kahraman Maras man holds his recently rescued cat
The miraculous successful rescue case has brought a glimmer of hope to the already slim search and rescue work. However, at the same time, the number of victims is also rising.
According to official statistics, Monday's earthquake has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated at more than 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive for more than a week at most after being trapped in the rubble, the hope of finding more survivors has become increasingly slim.
Rescuers are still using thermal imaging cameras to look for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of rescue efforts began to shift to helping those survivors who were in urgent need of help.
UN official: Disaster 'unseen in a century' in region
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference in Turkey that the earthquake was the "worst disaster" in the region in a century.
He also praised Turkey's post-disaster response as "extraordinary".
He also told a Reuters reporter that he hopes to provide rescue to areas controlled by the Syrian government and opposition, but also said that relevant matters are "still unclear."
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief donations to people in earthquake-stricken areas of Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced $25 million in funding for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Chile Earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 pm local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a seismic moment magnitude of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was in ruins.
The huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the Chilean coastline, setting off a huge tsunami with a wave height of 25 meters.
The tsunami spread to distant places like Japan and the Philippines.
The number of victims and economic losses caused by a disaster of this scope cannot be accurately known.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Great Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday and also Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, USA, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake was still the third largest earthquake in the world on record.
The earthquake occurred when a fault between the Pacific and North American plates ruptured in Prince William Sound near College Sound.
In most areas the earthquake lasted 3 to 5 minutes.
The displacement of the sea floor triggered a huge tsunami with a height of 67 meters.
Since it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
The earthquake ultimately killed 139 people.
Nine people died directly from the earthquake, and 130 others died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above occurred in Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China within 16 hours.
The source of the earthquake is 23 kilometers above the ground.
Tangshan City's transportation, communications, water supply, and power supply were interrupted, and it was instantly razed to the ground.
A strong earthquake was also felt in the capital Beijing, 140 kilometers away.
According to official statistics, the earthquake killed 242,769 people and seriously injured 164,851 people in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake became the second deadliest earthquake in China's recorded history, second only to the Jiajing earthquake in 1556.
However, some overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake may kill at least 650,000 people.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Indian Ocean Earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers away from the west coast of Aceh Province, Sumatra Island, Indonesia, with a focal depth of 30 kilometers and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with wave heights of 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the most severely affected areas including Aceh Province in Indonesia, the resort areas of Ho Lak and Phuket in Thailand, Sri Lanka and Tamil State in India.
It was the peak tourist season of Christmas, and a large number of tourists and local residents gathered in the disaster-stricken areas. As a result, many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and locals working on the beach were swept to the bottom of the sea by the tsunami. This earthquake caused many people to become victims of the tsunami. Missing persons.
It is estimated that the number of victims and missing people is at least 300,000.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in the Wenchuan area of Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the earthquake had a surface wave magnitude of 8.2 and a moment magnitude of 8.3, destroying an area of more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had killed a total of 69,227 people, 17,923 people were missing, 374,643 people were injured to varying degrees, 19,930,300 people lost their homes, and the total affected population reached 46,256,000.
It is the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and the deadliest after the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12th of each year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Reduction Day to strengthen public education and attention to disaster prevention and reduction work.
Since then, governments and primary and secondary schools in many places in China have held earthquake prevention drills on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to attach importance to popularizing "earthquake prevention and disaster reduction" education.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale occurred in the Caribbean island country of Haiti.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti, and the epicenter was about 13 kilometers from the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that approximately 3 million people were affected by the earthquake.
The confirmed death toll announced by the Haitian government exceeds 200,000.
In some areas of Haiti, as many as 90% of the houses were destroyed by the earthquake.
Despite massive aid and support from the international community, the impoverished, overpopulated and corruption-riddled country has never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Great Tohoku Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large thrust zone earthquake with a moment magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the coast of Tohoku, Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai City, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture. The focal depth was measured at 24 kilometers and triggered a huge tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first earthquake with a magnitude exceeding 9 recorded in Japan.
About 22,000 people died in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
A leak occurred at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant due to the earthquake and tsunami.
The accident was classified as Level 7, the most serious level on the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES).
As a result of the Fukushima nuclear accident, trace amounts of radioactive substances, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (half-life of 30 years), were measured around the world.
Large amounts of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to United Nations statistics, at least 870,000 people are in urgent need of food in the disaster-stricken areas of Turkey and Syria.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes due to earthquakes.
The World Food Program (WFP) has appealed for $77 million to provide food for people displaced by earthquakes in Turkey and Syria.
Temperatures in the disaster area are currently as low as subzero, and many victims have no shelter.
The Turkish government has distributed large quantities of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to reach many people in urgent need of help.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has made the people's plight even worse.
In the four days since the earthquake, the World Food Program has provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Statement: All contents of this article are protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery of damages and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Notice: The Division Police Department calls on citizens to beware of fraudulent SMS messages impersonating telecommunications companies
Recently, the Judicial Police Station has received a number of telecom fraud cases. Criminals pretended to be Macao telecommunications companies and sent fraudulent text messages with website links to the victims. They used the bait that the points must be redeemed as soon as possible to lure the victims to log in to the fake website to redeem the rewards.
The victim entered the credit card information and verification code as instructed, and immediately received a notification from the financial institution that there were unknown consumption records on the credit card, and it was suspected that the credit card information was stolen through the above-mentioned website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above text message.
The Police Department appeals to the public to be more vigilant if they receive similar text messages on their mobile phones. They must not log in to the website link contained in the text message or provide any personal information. If they are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords, and transaction verification codes, they must do so twice as much. Be careful to prevent your credit card from being stolen.
Anti-fraud tips:
1. Pay more attention to network security information and improve personal awareness of prevention;
2. Do not log into websites from unknown sources and register personal and credit card information on the website to prevent others from stealing it;
3. Be wary of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website address is completely consistent with the official website;
4. Install anti-virus software for your phone, mobile device or computer and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect that you have encountered fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the Judicial Police Bureau’s anti-fraud inquiry hotline 8800 7777 or the crime reporting hotline 993 for help.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large-scale Hong Kong delegation visited Macao tourist attractions and facilities to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand "online travel" between Hong Kong and Macao
The MGTO organized a large-scale Hong Kong study tour consisting of more than 100 people from the Hong Kong government’s tourism department, tourism industry and media representatives to Macao. In addition to working meetings and industry negotiations, the two-day (10th and 11th) schedule included representatives from the Hong Kong travel agency industry and media They also visited multiple tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macao in batches to introduce the latest Macao tourism products to the Hong Kong market. At the same time, they promoted cultural tourism linkage between the two places and jointly expanded the "online travel" market in Hong Kong and Macao.
In-person inspection to introduce new ways to travel to Macau
This large-scale inspection team of 100 people in Hong Kong includes leaders and managers of tourism-related departments of the Hong Kong government, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transportation operators between Hong Kong and Macao, and about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, and representatives from travel social media and online media. and bloggers/Internet celebrities, etc., visited Macao for exchanges and inspections, and learned about Macao’s latest tourism resources. The Hong Kong industry and media brought new ways of traveling to Macao to Hong Kong residents and even visitors to Hong Kong. They took advantage of Hong Kong’s transportation hub to expand the “connected communication” between Hong Kong and Macao. "tour" market.
Two days of intensive itinerary to seek business opportunities and increase publicity
Yesterday and today, the delegation was divided into groups to visit the World Heritage "Historic Center of Macau", experience the Macau Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel - Traveling around St. Paul's" - an immersive digital experience exhibition of the Ruins of St. Paul's, Macao Celebration, and Taipa Village. As well as many large resort hotels and facilities: Lisboa Grande, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, MGM Cotai, Morpheus, The Londoner Macao, Galaxy Macau, Artelli Multi-dimensional Art Space in City of Dreams and The Venetian Macao teamLab Supernatural Space and more.
By visiting Macao’s tourism facilities and experiencing Macao’s “tourism +” elements first-hand, members of the delegation shared Macao’s tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrated Macao’s latest tourism products for promotion and sales to Hong Kong residents.
Attract Hong Kong tourists and expand “online travel” to Hong Kong and Macao
Taking advantage of the opportunity of the return to normalcy, the MGTO launched a publicity campaign in the Hong Kong market and launched various discounts, including launching discounts on transportation tickets to and from Hong Kong and Macau, and advertising on online and offline platforms with a brand-new promotional video.
Following the invitation last month of inviting Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to Macau for exchanges and inspections and Hong Kong internet celebrities to experience Macau’s “Tourism+” first-hand, this time we have once again organized Hong Kong tourism industry and media representatives to come to Macau for inspections and increase marketing efforts to attract Hong Kong tourists to stay in Macau. In terms of consumption, the industries of the two places have even discussed working together to expand the "online travel" market in Hong Kong and Macao, jointly expand the mainland and even overseas markets, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry in the two places.
Xi Jinping replied to the letter and encouraged the members of the Chinese medical team to aid Central Africa to benefit the local people with their benevolence and skills and to tell the Chinese story with practical actions-Rolling News-Hunan Daily Network-Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping replied to the letter and encouraged the members of the Chinese medical team to aid Central Africa to benefit the local people with their benevolence and skills, and to tell the Chinese story with practical actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xufeng] Font: [Large, Medium, Small]
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10. Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the State, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, responded to the 19th batch of Chinese medical team members assisting the Central African Republic on February 9, extending greetings to them and the vast number of foreign aid medical team members. Raise high expectations.
Xi Jinping said in his reply that you have overcome difficulties in work and life in China and Africa and served the local people wholeheartedly. You are not only angels in white who save lives and heal the wounded, but also messengers of friendship conveying friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of China’s foreign aid medical teams. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are and have performed foreign aid medical missions.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and value life, and foreign medical aid is a vivid reflection of this.
I hope you will not forget your original intention and keep your mission in mind, vigorously promote the spirit of the Chinese medical team that is not afraid of hardships, willing to sacrifice, save lives and heal the wounded, and have boundless love, benefit the local people with benevolence and skills, tell the story of China with practical actions, and contribute to the construction of human health Make greater contributions to the health community.
Foreign aid medical care is an important part of my country’s foreign aid work.
In 1963, our country sent the first foreign medical support team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, a total of 30,000 medical team members have been dispatched to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, America, Europe and Oceania, and 290 million patients have been diagnosed and treated, winning widespread praise from the international community.
Currently, foreign aid medical teams are working at 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of Chinese medical teams to aid China and Africa wrote to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on their study and implementation of the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and the provision of medical services to local people, expressing their contribution to the construction of a human health community. Strength of determination.
New members, alternate members of the Central Committee and main leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels completed a seminar on studying and implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Network - Huasheng Online
New members and alternate members of the Central Committee and main leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels completed a seminar on the study and implementation of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party.
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xufeng] Font: [Large, Medium, Small]
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th: New members and alternate members of the Central Committee and main leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels studied and implemented Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China at the Central Party School ( National School of Administration) graduated. Cai Qi, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee, attended the graduation ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that we must thoroughly study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly support the "two establishments", resolutely achieve the "two safeguards", enhance our capabilities, work hard, and solidly promote China's We will carry out various tasks of formal modernization and create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice and the people in comprehensively building a modern socialist country and comprehensively promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all students, guided by Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, carefully studied the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and General Secretary Xi Jinping’s important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges with reality, and deepened their understanding of Understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues in Chinese-style modernization has enhanced the confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation with Chinese-style modernization under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core, and strengthened the ability to perform duties and do a good job A sense of responsibility and mission to ensure a good start in the new era and new journey.
At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar class gave speeches and reported and exchanged their learning results.
Cai Qi said that studying and implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is not only the primary political task at present and in the future, but also a long-term strategic task. "Requirements, promote learning and implementation work to continue to go deeper, deeper, and deeper into the heart.
We must more deeply understand the decisive significance of the "two establishments", resolutely safeguard the core status of General Secretary Xi Jinping, safeguard the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralized and unified leadership, constantly improve political judgment, political understanding, and political execution, and always be ideologically political The above actions are highly consistent with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core.
We must strive to master the special skills of Marxist theory, consciously use the party's innovative theory to arm our minds, guide practice, and promote work, work hard on deep study, careful understanding, and diligent practice, and truly learn to have firm beliefs, absolute loyalty, and Learn to take responsibility.
We must implement the decisions and arrangements of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China with a vigorous and promising spirit, solidly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves and work hard, step down and be a "construction team leader", and turn the blueprint into a reality step by step. Reality.
We must bear in mind that comprehensive and strict governance of the Party is always on the road, and the Party's self-revolution is always on the road. We must tighten and consolidate the political responsibility of comprehensively and strictly administering the Party, take the party's political construction as the guide, and deeply promote the new great project of party building in the new era. .
It is necessary to enhance the ability to promote high-quality development, serve the people, prevent and resolve risks, promote the style of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo, and Wang Xiaohong attended the closing ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the closing ceremony.
Google's AI chatbot "answers the wrong question" and parent company's stock price evaporates by $100 billion
(Comprehensive report on the 11th)
Google's newly launched artificial intelligence chat robot Bard got off to a bad start. It "answered the wrong question" in the promotional video, causing Google's parent company Alphabet's stock price to plummet 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark, and the market value evaporated by $110 billion (approximately $4,765). billion), closing at US$94.57 on Friday.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as good as rival Microsoft.
According to "Reuters", Google earlier released a promotional video for the AI chatbot Bard on social media. In the video, someone asked Bard: "What new discoveries can I tell my 9-year-old about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?" ?
” Bard mentioned in his answer that the telescope had taken the first picture of an extrasolar planet.
However, according to NASA, the first picture of an extrasolar planet was taken by the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in 2004.
"Reuters" even reported with the title "Alphabet's stock price plummeted after Bard's wrong answer."
On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response "highlights the importance of a rigorous testing process" and will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "is based on quality, security, and authentic information." high standard".
Singapore's tourism industry recovers strongly with inbound tourists increasing 19 times compared to 2021
(Comprehensive news on the 11th) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that it is expected that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore in 2023 will reach 12 million to 14 million, which will bring about 18 billion to 21 billion Singapore dollars in tourism revenue; tourist arrivals and tourism revenue It will return to about 67% to 75% of the level before the new crown epidemic in 2019; the tourism industry is very likely to achieve a full recovery in 2024.
In 2022, the Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover.
The latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board show that the number of inbound tourists in 2022 will increase 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million, exceeding the 4 million to 6 million previously estimated by the Singapore Tourism Board. Tourists have returned to the epidemic level. The top 33% level.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled S$8.96 billion. It is expected that the full-year tourism revenue in 2022 will reach S$13.8 billion to S$14.3 billion, an increase of 6 to 7 times compared with S$1.89 billion in 2021. It has already It has returned to about 50% to 52% of the level before the 2019 COVID-19 epidemic.
The Singapore government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced an allocation of nearly S$500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Bureau recently announced that it plans to allocate S$110 million from this budget in the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists back.
In order to make health and wellness one of Singapore's tourism highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board issued a call for expressions of interest on November 23, 2022, to develop a health and wellness attraction on Singapore's southern coast.
Ong Lingli, executive director of sports and wellness tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have put physical health at the top of all considerations.
Developing a health and wellness attraction in Marina South, which houses Gardens by the Bay and Marina Barrage, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, allowing tourists to spend money and stay longer in Singapore.
Chen Jianlong, director of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in the next few years, health and wellness will become an important part of Singapore's tourism products.
The COVID-19 epidemic has heightened public awareness and needs for physical and mental health.
To this end, the MGTO has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists in the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health and Wellness Festival, providing the public with more than 130 various health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide tourists with new travel experiences.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, World of Avatar at Gardens by the Bay, Sentosa Central Beach Market, ArtScience Museum's new "Discover New Frontiers" exhibition hall, and Night Safari's new amphitheater, the MGTO will support The development and renewal of projects such as the Wildlife World's Bird Park have made Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will formulate relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive tourism industry within 2023, and focus on improving waste treatment and carbon emissions to further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
Data shows that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport passenger traffic has recovered strongly, and it has received as many as 150,000 passengers every day, about 1 million passengers per week, which is equivalent to about 75% of the number before the new crown epidemic. Aviation industry employees The number of people on the job has also returned to about 90% of the level before the epidemic.
Data shows that from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million passengers, equivalent to 42% of the number before the new crown epidemic, and 170,000 flights took off and landed, which is 53% of the number before the epidemic.
The rapid recovery of tourism has also led to the recovery of accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping industries.
The Singaporean government and tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Ko Shudan, Assistant Director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that a survey by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore’s safety index ranks among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular among Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 epidemic, about 3.6 million people from China traveled to Singapore for vacation every year.
As China relaxes its border policies, the number of Chinese tourists this year is expected to return to 30% to 60% of 2019 levels.
Ke Shudan pointed out that next, the tourism bureau will pay close attention to further signals released by China on its outbound travel policy to respond to changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in China's overseas travel.
Looking forward to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that as long as the global economy does not experience a significant recession that affects public income, and there is no new large-scale deadly epidemic outbreak, the tourism industry will recover faster than expected.
Kim Jong-un’s father and daughter interacted intimately, but his wife was left out in the cold
(Comprehensive report on the 11th) North Korea held a military parade celebrating the 75th anniversary of its Army Day on the evening of the 8th. Leader Kim Jong-un’s daughter Kim Ju-ae not only attended, but also stood on the rostrum with her father.
North Korea's official media released a video on the 9th. In the video, the financial owner Ai cuddled up to her father, looking at each other tenderly and whispering several times. She gently cupped her father's cheek with both hands, and even touched his chest. The father-daughter interaction was broadcast to the whole country.
However, First Lady Lee Sol-ju could only step aside.
Based on reports from South Korea's "North Korea News" and other reports, in the official photo of Kim Jong-un and Ri Sol-ju and their wife attending a dinner party with their daughter Kim Jo-ae on the 7th, Kim Jo-ae not only rarely sat in the C seat between her parents, but also celebrated the 75th anniversary of Army Day the next night During the military parade, she also appeared on the podium with Kim Jong-un.
North Korea's official media "Korean Central Television" released a video of the military parade afterwards, exposing more scenes of the deep love between father and daughter.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the rostrum. The smiles on their faces never faded, and they even whispered in each other's ears. At one point, Kim Jong-un held his father's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un responded with a bright smile. .
Other official media footage also showed that Kim Ai kept touching her father's face with her hands while sitting on a sofa indoors with Kim Jong-un; while walking arm-in-arm with her father, she touched Kim Jong-un's chest with her hands.
The first lady, Lee Sol Ju, could only walk behind or sit aside the whole time, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
South Korean media pointed out that since the sponsor Ai made his first public appearance on November 18 last year when he test-fired the Hwasong-17 missile, the probability of exposure has been increasing in the past three months, and this is the fifth time he has appeared on official occasions.
North Korea's official media used extremely honorific titles such as "dearest son" and "honorable son" when referring to the patron, and also broadcast a clip of the patron "Ae" repeatedly shouting that he will support the Baekdu bloodline to the death while overlooking the military parade from the stands.
These signs have led the outside world to doubt whether Kim Jong-ae has been designated as the heir to the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that "this is a sign that Kim Jong-un has promoted his middle school-aged daughter to the status of successor." However, there are also opinions that this It is still too early to judge, and there are still various possibilities in the case of Kim Jong-un having a son.
Double Ninth Festival Q&A︱How to view the U.S. non-farm employment data in January exceeding expectations and its future trends - Economic Observer - Professional financial news website
Q: How does Chongyang Investment view the U.S. non-farm employment data in January, which exceeded expectations, and its future trends?
A: On February 3, the U.S. Department of Labor released non-farm employment data for January 2023. There were 517,000 new non-farm jobs, significantly higher than market expectations of 189,000; the unemployment rate dropped to 3.4%, the lowest level in the past 50 years. The lowest level; hourly wages increased by 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, a slight slowdown.
From a total point of view, this data is disturbed by many one-time and technical factors, such as faculty and staff returning to work on strike, revision of survey statistical caliber, and update of seasonal adjustment factors, which may be revised in the future (refer to January 2022 Monthly new non-farm payrolls were revised down from 504,000 to 364,000), and non-farm employment may not be as strong as the data reflects.
From a structural point of view, the impact of layoffs in high-tech companies is still there, but the proportion is low; new jobs in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and health care have rebounded significantly, and data show that the labor gap in the service industry still exists.
Combined with the service industry PMI, which also exceeded expectations, the rebound in job vacancies and labor gap data, and the strength of consumer credit data, we judge that the U.S. service industry has ushered in a rapid recovery after extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will be difficult to improve without going through a recession.
There is currently a supply gap of more than 5 million in the U.S. labor market, and the labor participation rate is rising slowly, especially among those aged 25-54, which is close to its pre-epidemic high.
In addition, due to the strong excess savings and consumer credit of U.S. residents, strong consumer demand will further delay the impact of tightening policies on the job market.
The continued tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will be the foundation for the U.S. economy in 2023.
Coupled with the fact that interest rate hikes are coming to an end and inflation expectations continue to recur, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Before the release of this data, the U.S. stock and bond currency markets were overly optimistic about the path of the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates.
As inflation data continues to improve, the Federal Reserve has shortened the pace of interest rate hikes while maintaining the fragile balance of market inflation expectations. However, the market has turned a blind eye to the Fed's hawkish statements. It not only expects to stop raising interest rates early, but also expects two more rate hikes at the end of the year. Cut interest rates.
With supply and demand in the labor market tight and the impact of tightening policies unclear, we believe that the Fed's guidance for raising interest rates at the end of the year is relatively reasonable. Adjustments to extreme market expectations and congestion of transactions may cause certain harm to the market.
Despite this, the stubborn wage growth rate cannot change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. With the M2 data turning negative year-on-year and the gradual improvement of various CPI sub-leading indicators, the US CPI data has turned to a stage of rapid decline since October, and wages The stubborn growth rate will only form a basis for future inflation data. It is difficult to falsify current market expectations. The market may enter a new round of gaming after the next inflation data is released.
Zheng Yonggang, the founder of Shanshan, passed away due to a sudden heart attack. He once led the transformation of China's top apparel company - Economic Observer - Professional financial news website
Economic Observer Network reporter Zheng Jiexin On February 11, the WeChat public account of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanshan Holdings"), the certification body, published an obituary. Zheng Yonggang, the founder of Shanshan Enterprises and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Shanshan Holdings, passed away due to sudden death. Treatment for heart disease failed and he died on February 10, 2023 at the age of 65.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of a state-owned cotton spinning factory. Following his transfer, in 1989, Zheng Yonggang became the director of Ningbo Yungang Garment Factory, the predecessor of Shanshan Co., Ltd.
In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Meeting of Chinese Business Leaders and the 22nd Annual Meeting of Future Stars of Chinese Enterprises, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the Shanshan brand The market share was as high as 37%.
In 1996, Shanshan Co., Ltd. (600884.SH) was listed and became the first listed company in China's apparel industry.
Just when the clothing business was at its peak, Shanshan Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized that "once the market is liberalized, Chinese brands will naturally form an echelon brand market. Shanshan Suits wants to remain the leader and become the national brand of the Chinese people for a long time." It’s unlikely that I’ll be convinced.”
In 1999, Shanshan began to study corporate transformation. Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, "We came to Shanghai to find out what transformation should be done. We specially found many experts and scholars, and held some Zhuge Liang meetings and retreat seminars.
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is that big health has a future."
After the strategic direction was determined, Shanshan began to look for cooperation. At that time, the Carbon Research Institute of Anshan Thermal Energy Institute supporting Anshan Iron and Steel was doing the national 863 project, and the scientific research funds were insufficient. So Shanshan signed a cooperation agreement with the Carbon Research Institute of Anshan Thermal Energy Institute to jointly promote The national 863 project "Mesophase Carbon Microsphere" project is industrialized, engaged in the research and development, production and sales of anode materials, and realizing the commercial promotion of anode materials in China.
In 2001, Shanshan Co., Ltd. achieved large-scale production of mesocarbon microspheres and began domestic substitution, replacing Japan as the main domestic supplier of mesocarbon microspheres.
This is China's first lithium-ion battery anode material manufacturer and has realized the localization of lithium-ion battery anode materials.
With the rapid popularization of lithium battery applications, Shanshan Co., Ltd.'s lithium battery business began to gradually develop. In 2007, the lithium battery material business was included in Shanshan Co., Ltd.'s main business. The proportion of clothing business revenue decreased year by year until 2013. Shanshan Co., Ltd.’s lithium battery materials business revenue exceeds that of its clothing business.
In February 2021, Shanshan Co., Ltd. successfully acquired the polarizer business of LG Chem, entered the LCD polarizer market, and established the polarizer company Shanjin Optoelectronics. This field has a relatively high technical content, and Shanshan's main competitors are all Fortune 500 companies. , such as South Korea's Samsung, Japan's Sumitomo Chemical, and Nitto Denko.
Zheng Yonggang once shared his experience in post-investment management, “When Chinese private companies acquire some international high-tech companies, the probability of success is relatively low. Why do those acquisitions fail?
Because everyone will think about it, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to take care of it, right? This is a common behavior." However, Zheng Yonggang was different. On the day Shanshan's acquisition was successful, Zheng Yonggang went to Shanjin Optoelectronics announced in public that Shanshan, as the major shareholder of Shanjin, decided to implement one enterprise, two systems. Except for Zheng Yonggang as the chairman, no one from Shanshan Enterprise would be sent to Shanjin and would adopt an authorized operation method. The original distribution system, enterprise Culture, management and other models remain unchanged.
ICC Xinchen Information released anode data for 2022, which shows that Shanshan anode shipments will exceed 200,000 tons in 2022, a year-on-year increase of 100%, with a market share of 16%, and artificial graphite anode material shipments continue to top the list.
In terms of polarizer business, statistics from Yano Research show that the company's Shanjin Optoelectronics has a global market share of 29% in 2022 and is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Shanshan Shares' revenue was 15.841 billion yuan and net profit was 2.313 billion yuan. On February 10, Shanshan Shares' stock price was 19.24 yuan/share, with a total market value of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Shanshan Co., Ltd. stated on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company’s effective graphitization production capacity will be approximately 100,000 tons, and the graphitization production capacity of the Meishan project is still climbing.
Wind shows that Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshan Shares.
Tianyancha shows that Zheng Yonggang holds 40.1% of the total equity of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd.
The general manager of Shanshan Co., Ltd. is Li Zhihua, born in 1968. He has served successively as chairman of Dongguan Shanshan Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan New Material Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshan Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and deputy general manager of Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd. .
Shanshan Co., Ltd. stated on the investor interaction platform on February 10 that there is no family relationship between the company’s senior managers and the company’s actual controller.
"Fund E-Account" is here: The China Securities Regulatory Commission authorizes the development of all funds under the name of investors to collect and query - Economic Observer Network - a professional financial news website
Economic Observer Network reporter Chen Shan said the complicated fund purchase channels make it difficult to collect account information?
Always forget the "little vault"?
These problems for Christians are about to be solved.
On February 10, the China Securities Regulatory Commission announced that the “Fund E Account” APP was launched in various mobile application stores and launched a public trial run.
According to reports, the "Fund E Account" provides individual investors with a "one-stop" inquiry service for public fund account and share information, aiming to solve the pain points of industry services such as forgotten accounts and cumbersome inquiries among small and medium-sized investors.
According to Wind data, as of the end of 2022, there are 156 public fund managers in China, with a managed fund scale of approximately 26 trillion yuan; 167 public fund share registration agencies, and 411 public fund sales agencies.
The account systems of each share registration institution are independent of each other, and there is a lack of unified inquiry channels for the industry.
Some industry insiders said that by the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in my country, which means that half of the people in the country had invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to check the purchase status through different sales agencies, but through the "Fund E Account", they can check the purchase status of all sales channels, and the fund holding status is clear at a glance.
What is the "Fund E Account" APP?
According to relevant documents, the “Fund E Account” APP is a public fund industry portal mobile application developed and constructed by China Securities Clearing Company with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with one-stop inquiry on the OTC share holdings of public fund products in the entire market. .
Investors can use the "Fund E Account" to conveniently and quickly grasp the holding status of over-the-counter shares of public fund products owned by fund managers purchased through various sales channels across the market, thus comprehensively improving query efficiency.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through the "Fund E Account" includes: fund account information opened at all public fund managers in the market, transaction account information opened at public fund sales agencies, and holdings This includes the over-the-counter share holdings of products such as publicly offered securities investment funds and collective asset management plans where the number of investors established and managed by securities companies is not limited to 200.
Liu Yiqian, business leader of the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation and Research Center, told a reporter from the Economic Observer Network that investors can obtain one-stop information about all their OTC public fund holdings through the "Fund E Account" App, helping them retrieve "forgotten funds". Assets", and more importantly, it realizes the collection of full account information on comprehensive fund investment for customers, helping customers to grasp their own investment situation in a more timely, accurate and complete manner, thereby better optimizing their own fund portfolio allocation and better Plan your own financial arrangements.
How to register?
The reporter noticed that at present, the "Fund E Account" APP has been put on the shelves of mobile app stores such as Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo, etc., but the APP is still in the public trial run stage. Registration requires filling in an invitation code. Investors can contact the holder of the Fund managers with funds obtain it.
The customer service staff of a medium and large public fund in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to a reporter from Economic Observer. Just call us and we'll provide it.
After the trial run is over, the invitation code will no longer be needed when user registration is opened.
"
The reporter registered the account and completed the inquiry based on the "Fund E Account" download and usage instructions published on the official website of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. The whole process took only a few minutes and was mainly divided into four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, and fund account binding. , public fund inquiry.
After passing the real-name authentication step, click the "Assets" fund binding button. All fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms will be displayed in the binding option list (accounts can be bound). After the binding is completed, you can view it directly to the total assets of the invested funds and you can start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the "Fund E Account" only provides inquiry services for investors and cannot conduct subscription and redemption transactions.
The data date displayed in "Fund E Account" is generally three trading days forward from the date the user made the inquiry (T day).
For example, if you open the "Fund E Account" on February 10, the corresponding date of the total assets, fund shares, and fund net value displayed on the asset page will be three trading days forward from that date, that is, February 7.
Copyright statement: The above content is the original work of "Economic Observer", and the copyright belongs to "Economic Observer".
Reprinting or mirroring is strictly prohibited without the authorization of the Economic Observer, otherwise the relevant actors will be held legally responsible.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
Reaching a defense consensus with the United States, Japan and the Philippines in resisting the CCP
Asia – On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan and held talks with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the Chinese Communist Party's infringement of the South China Sea and the East China Sea. After the meeting, the leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement stating that they would conduct substantive defense exchanges and oppose the Chinese Communist Party's hegemonic policies by signing a trilateral defense agreement with the United States.
According to Japanese media, Fumio Kishida hopes to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies for the Taiwan Strait crisis.
Marcos Jr. visited China in early January this year and secured an agreement worth US$20 billion.
But after that, China-Philippines relations not only failed to improve, but actually declined.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States, agreeing to open more bases to the US military to ensure security in the South China Sea.
The newly added base is 300 kilometers away from Taiwan and is also the closest location to China.
If there is a crisis in Taiwan, the US military may launch operations from bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Macao and even the Philippines have now formed an axis with the United States to build an "arc against the CCP" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
Kuomintang Vice Chairman Xia Liyan conveyed Song Tao’s message during his interview: Under the 1992 Consensus, Green Camp is welcome to visit Mainland China
During his visit to China, Xia Liyan, vice chairman of the Chinese Kuomintang in Taiwan, met with Song Tao, director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of China, and Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior consultant at the National Affairs Foundation, the official organization of the Kuomintang, was interviewed by Taiwan's Central News Agency last night. He positively commented on what Song Tao said to Xia Liyan: China welcomes green camp people to visit the mainland as long as they agree with the "1992 Consensus" and oppose Taiwan independence.
The Kuomintang commented that it was a new thing.
This statement was not mentioned in the news on the day Xia Liyan met with Song Tao earlier.
Taiwan's ruling Democratic Progressive Party has clarified in recent days that it refuses to accept the "1992 Consensus."
According to the Central News Agency today, Kuomintang Vice Chairman Xia Liyan led a delegation to visit mainland China. During their stay in Beijing, they met with Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Song Tao, the new director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, and Yin Li, secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee.
Xia Liyan met with Song Tao and discussed that the political basis of the Kuomintang and the Communist Party is the "1992 Consensus" and the opposition to Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, senior consultant of the Kuomintang National Affairs Foundation, said at the meeting that the "1992 Consensus" of the Kuomintang is the original "92 Consensus". Two consensus”.
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this experience was different from the previous meetings he had participated in.
In recent video discussions with mainland academic circles, as well as in this discussion, I did not hear Taiwan-related scholars talking about military reunification and the "anti-secession law." Instead, I heard the resumption of exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the cross-strait war is fierce and dangerous, and mainland China hopes to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the Democratic Party and the Communist Party, the other party is still willing to do a good job with the Taiwanese people, and the representative does not want cross-strait relations to deteriorate.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally gave instructions to Song Tao to tell Song Tao, "You must implement the requirements they (Taiwanese farmers and fishermen) have put forward." If it cannot be solved comprehensively, it must be dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the Kuomintang members during their visit to the mainland mentioned in person the daily harassment of Taiwan by Chinese military aircraft and warships, the agricultural and fishery issues in a few counties and cities in Taiwan, and whether reporters from the Central News Agency asked such questions in interviews.
French unions once again mobilized to march against the government’s retirement reform plan
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions once again launched a national mobilization against the government’s pension reform draft, calling on people to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of action for this social uproar against the government's draft reform of the pension system.
And how many people respond to the rally call may affect the next action plan of the union group.
This is the fourth time in a month that France's eight major trade union groups have jointly launched a national mobilization, and it is also the first time that this protest has scheduled a rally on Saturday.
Given that for most French people, Saturday is a public holiday and they do not have to choose between participating in demonstrations or going on strike with wage deductions, union groups hope that today's rally will attract more people to participate.
The unions of the bus system, subway and public railway companies did not call for employees to go on strike today. The bus system should be able to operate normally and citizens can take buses to the gathering places. At the same time, in areas where schools have started their winter vacation, people can start their vacation normally.
Trade union groups hope that more than one million people will attend the rally today, while police expect that the number of participants nationwide may be between 600,000 and 800,000, and that 90,000 to 120,000 people may gather in Paris.
Since the start of the protests against the government's pension reform plan, although polls show that the majority of French people do not support the measure to postpone the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people who actually took to the streets to participate in the demonstrations has gradually reduce.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 gathered 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of demonstrators on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million people across the country.
The pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
Opposition parties, especially the opposition group headed by the radical left, submitted numerous amendment proposals, making the review process very slow.
The debate between the government and the opposition has become increasingly fierce and sharp.
A member of France's radical left-wing Party Insubordination recently posted a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the image of the Minister of Labor on social media, triggering protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly eventually banned the member from participating in parliamentary activities for 15 days as a punishment for this behavior.
Although this reform plan triggered the largest social uproar in France in the past 20 years, the government has so far made slight adjustments to the draft but has not made any major concessions.
The union is already preparing to launch another action next Thursday, the 16th. When the reform draft is sent to the Senate for discussion on March 7, the union also plans to organize demonstrations.
China encourages higher fertility rates and urges universities to raise sperm donation quality standards
China's Yunnan Provincial Human Sperm Bank issued a publicity on the 9th, soliciting sperm donation from those with a college degree or above or school students. Successful donation 8 to 12 times will receive a RMB 4,500 subsidy.
According to Taiwanese media reports today, the message became a hot search topic on Weibo that day and triggered follow-up initiatives from many provinces and cities including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
According to a signed report by the Free Times, China encourages college students to donate sperm.
The threshold for sperm donation in universities across the country is the highest in Beijing. In addition to academic qualifications, sperm donation also requires a height of more than 170 centimeters, regular facial features, no obvious hair loss, and myopia not exceeding 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Yunnan Provincial Human Sperm Bank pointed out that sperm donors can receive a full set of male medical examinations worth 1,000 yuan. "Especially semen and chromosome testing, most people have never done it, and it is of great significance to understand their reproductive status."
The conditions for sperm donors include those who are over 165 centimeters tall, have a college degree or above or are currently studying, and do not have color blindness, color weakness, hepatitis B and other genetic diseases and infectious diseases.
The report quoted China Tianmu News as saying that the Shaanxi Provincial Human Sperm Bank has printed a promotional poster of "Paid Sperm Donation, Infinite Glory", calling on young people to respond to sperm donation, and encouraging netizens to forward relevant messages to "let love spread."
Prices in Shaanxi Province are higher than those in Yunnan. Those who pass the test can receive RMB 300 in cash each time, and those who complete a certain number of sperm donations can receive a subsidy of RMB 5,000.
At present, the highest price is known to be in Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
East Germany's last communist chancellor dies
"Hans Modrow passed away last night at the age of 95," the party reported in a statement.
As a result, our party has lost an important leader.
"
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall that had separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Modelo said he would help turn East Germany into a democracy.
At the time, communist leaders were forced to step down as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
After coming to power in the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev demanded changes in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe.
In March 1990, Modelo announced the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results resulted in him no longer being prime minister.
Despite Modelo's reforms, opponents accused him of trying to delay the political change and unification that occurred in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for trying to reinvent rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modelo was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections but did not go to jail.
Some say the charges are politically motivated.
Modelo continued to serve in the German Parliament from 1990 to 1994 and as a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modelo saw himself as a reformer and wanted to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters he did not want the old East Germany to return but said its achievements should be recognized.
Modelo was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a machinist.
During World War II he served as a youth fire brigade platoon leader and, towards the end of the conflict, became a member of the Nazi militia group Volkssturm, which drafted men aged 16 to 60 to fight in the final struggles of the war.
At the age of 17, Modelo was captured by Soviet troops and taken as a prisoner of war to the Soviet Union, where he attended anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
He returned home in 1949, the year East Germany was founded, and found work as a machinist and went on to study social sciences and economics, earning a doctorate.
Modelo was a staff member of the Free German Youth Movement, which nearly all young people in East Germany joined, and rose through the ranks of the Dresden region through the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) between 1973 and 1989 Chairman of the party.
He also served in East Germany's parliament for more than 30 years.
Modelo became East Germany's de facto leader in 1990, assuming the highest state office.
Iran marks revolution anniversary as pro-protest hackers hack presidential televised address
The Islamic Republic held an official rally on Saturday to mark the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ibrahim Raisi's televised address.
The president's live televised address was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute, with the logo of a group of anti-Iranian government hackers going by the name "Edalat Ali (Justice Ali)" appearing on the screen.
A voice was also heard shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic".
Reuters reported today that hackers disrupted state television coverage as Iran marked the anniversary of its revolution.
As Iran officially marks the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, Raisi's hardline government faces its boldest challenge yet from young protesters calling for their ouster, but Raisi still calls on "deceived youth" to repent so they can win over Iran's supreme leader of pardon.
Nationwide protests remain in Iran after 22-year-old Mahsa Amini died in September in the custody of the country's morality police.
Iran's security forces have launched a deadly crackdown on the protests, one of the most powerful challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since the 1979 revolution that toppled a 2,500-year-old monarchy.
Iranian authorities on Friday released jailed dissident Farhad Messami and Iranian-French academic Fariba Adelha who were on hunger strike as part of an amnesty to mark the anniversary of the revolution.
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei earlier issued an amnesty that included some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
Human rights group HRANA reported that as of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors.
The report said 70 government security personnel were also killed.
As many as 19,763 protesters are believed to have been arrested.
Iranian leaders and state media have for weeks called for a vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government.
On Friday night, the anniversary of Iran's revolution, state media displayed fireworks as part of government-sponsored celebrations as people chanted "Allahu Akbar!
(God is the greatest!)”.
However, many at the rally could also be heard shouting "Death to the dictator!"
” and “Death to the Islamic Republic” in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television broadcast live footage of official rallies in states across the country.
In Tehran, domestically produced anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed as part of official celebrations.
President Lacey’s speech was frequently interrupted by chants of “Death to America” — a signature chant at state rallies.
The crowd also chanted "Death to Israel."
Reuters said Adelkhah, who has been in jail since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in worsening relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on national security charges.
They later placed her under house arrest, but she was back in jail in January.
Adelkhah has denied the accusations.
Messami's release comes a week after supporters warned he was at risk of death as a result of his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against mandatory hijab wearing.
France's foreign ministry responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday, calling for her freedom to be restored "including allowing her to return to France if she wishes."
"
Did the balloon incident open the eyes of the United States more?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a Wall Street Journal report today, the United States is preparing to further tighten technology exports to China after the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials said the balloon incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China and would garner more political support for strengthening U.S. technology protection.
The United States said the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communications.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official who now works at the Center for a New American Security, a Washington think tank.
"This undoubtedly adds fuel to the fire and supports the views of hardliners on China."
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday, “We will also consider broader actions to expose and respond to China’s larger surveillance activities that have A threat to our national security and to our allies and partners.
"U.S. officials said they have informed the governments of more than 30 countries about the balloon incident and that international coordination is crucial to dealing with the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the Biden administration's actions, the U.S. House of Representatives' newly formed Ad Hoc Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States and the Communist Party of China may also pressure the United States to take tougher measures to slow down China. develop.
She said members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which in turn could force the White House to adopt tougher policies.
The Wall Street Journal said that many people who advocate stricter export controls are also pushing to expand the scope of controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The U.S. government is also developing a foreign investment review plan to examine U.S. overseas investments for potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls for a faster rollout of the plan.
Earthquake relief in Turkey and Syria continues day and night
Since a strong earthquake hit Turkey and neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working day and night in the rubble of thousands of destroyed buildings to rescue survivors buried under the rubble.
In freezing temperatures, they often called for silence as they struggled to hear any sounds of life among the mounds of battered concrete.
Two more women have been rescued days after surviving the rubble of an earthquake, Reuters reported today.
However, the death toll from the earthquake climbed to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey is 20,665 and in Syria more than 3,500.
Monday's 7.8-magnitude quake, which continued with several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, is the seventh-deadliest natural disaster this century, surpassing Japan's 2011 earthquake and tsunami and approaching a 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran that killed 31,000 people die.
A similarly powerful earthquake in northwest Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Rescuers rescued two women from the rubble of a collapsed building in Turkey after they were trapped for 122 hours after the region's deadliest earthquake in 20 years, Turkish authorities said on Saturday.
Another injured 55-year-old man, identified as Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakır, Turkey's largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In freezing temperatures, rescuers often called for silence as they struggled to hear any sounds of life from among the mounds of battered concrete.
In Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers crouched under concrete slabs, whispering "Inshallah" - "God bless" - as they carefully reached into the rubble and rescued a 10-day-old newborn.
His eyes widened as baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a thermal blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video images showed emergency workers also taking away his mother, who was dazed and pale but conscious on a stretcher.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, with a total of 31,000 rescue workers deployed in the affected areas.
He said about 80,000 people were being treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million people made homeless by the earthquake were crowded into temporary shelters.
Questions are growing about the leaders of both countries over their response to the disaster as many people lack food in freezing winter conditions.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad traveled to a hospital in Aleppo with his wife Asma, reportedly for the first time since the earthquake, according to Syrian state media Travel to affected areas.
Earlier, the World Food Program said it was running out of stocks in rebel-controlled northwestern Syria as a state of war complicates relief efforts.
Erdogan, who visited Turkey's Adiyaman province on Friday, acknowledged that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents have seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is up for re-election in a May 14 vote that may be postponed because of the disaster.
Reuters said anger over delays in delivering aid and starting relief efforts could affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as Erdogan's most serious challenge in two decades in power.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called a "negative campaign for political gain."
Turkey's main opposition leader Kemal Kilidaroglu criticized the government's response.
The criticism said, “The earthquake was big, but what is worse than the earthquake is the lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence.
"
Vietnam News Agency in Hanoi - A special correspondent of the Vietnam News Agency reported that during his visit to Brunei Darussalam, on the morning of February 11, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, referred to as "University of Brunei Darussalam").
The University of Brunei Darussalam is Brunei's largest center for higher education and scientific research, ranking third in the region's university rankings.
The University of Brunei Darussalam is one of the symbols of education and training cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei Darussalam.
The University of Brunei Darussalam officially established a cooperative relationship with FPT University in Vietnam in July 2013. The main area of cooperation is English training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, moral education, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei Darussalam also incorporates Vietnamese into its teaching courses.
When visiting the University of Brunei Darussalam, Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng and his wife communicated with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Ching is pleased that more and more foreigners are interested in learning Vietnamese, thereby making a positive contribution to promoting Vietnam’s cultural characteristics and image of its customs and customs to other parts of the world.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Ching expressed his belief and hope that the team of Vietnamese language teachers at the University of Brunei Darussalam will become stronger and stronger; students in Vietnamese language classes will become more and more interested in Vietnamese, study hard, and be able to speak fluent Vietnamese as soon as possible and become a good friend between the two countries. Messenger of partnership.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng also communicated via video with Vietnamese students who are studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Da Nang City to understand their learning situation, especially during the epidemic.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng believes that the cooperative relationship between Vietnam’s FPT University and the University of Brunei Darussalam, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the educational cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei.
At the same time, he hopes that students at the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and Brunei.
During discussions with Brunei’s Minister of Education and leaders of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Cheng spoke highly of the achievements in educational cooperation between the two countries, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, and the introduction of Vietnamese language by the University of Brunei. Incorporate this into the teaching curriculum.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Cheng hopes that Universiti Brunei Darussalam will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the size of Vietnamese language classes.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also spoke highly of the positive results achieved by the cooperation between the two countries based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation signed in April 2014; he recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training projects. , such as: Global Discovery Program, Discovery Year, etc.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Ching highly appreciated the University of Brunei Darussalam for establishing its first branch in Southeast Asia in Vietnam; he believed that the university's development scale is becoming increasingly powerful in the region and the world; and it will further expand cooperation with Vietnamese higher education institutions.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Minh Cheng and his wife planted a memorial tree on the campus of the University of Brunei Darussalam and left a message in the memorial book.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Ching wished that the University of Brunei Darussalam would continue to move forward, contribute more and more to Brunei’s education, and develop deeper and broader cooperation with various education and training institutions in Vietnam.
(over)
Vietnam News Agency
Hanoi (VNA) - The official visits of Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife to Singapore and Brunei were a complete success and achieved comprehensive, pragmatic and concrete results, a special correspondent of the Vietnam News Agency reported.
During his three-day visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Cheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements achieved have injected new impetus into promoting the strategic partnership between Vietnam and New Zealand and the comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and Brunei to develop in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Ching continued to reiterate the external policy of the Vietnamese Party and State, which is to be independent, diversified and dynamic, and to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of the respective countries, committed to enhancing the well-being of the people of the respective countries, and committed to regional and world peace, stability and development.
At various meetings and talks, Prime Minister Pham Minh Cheng and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to continuously enhance political mutual trust with Vietnam through high-level delegation exchanges, effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms and various important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.
Among them, the "Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership" signed with Singapore and the "Action Plan to Strengthen Vietnam-Brunei Comprehensive Partnership in the 2023-2027 Period" signed with Brunei are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Picture from Vietnam News Agency
During meetings with business leaders, symposiums or economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Ching emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates convenient conditions for Singaporean and Brunei companies to expand their investment scope in Vietnam’s digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity and other fields.
This visit will not only help deepen the cooperation between Vietnam, Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, people-to-people exchanges, but also provide opportunities for each country in the digital economy, Create cooperation frameworks in new potential areas such as green economy, energy transition, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
Brunei King Hassanal Bolkiah and Prime Minister Pham Minh Cheng are preparing to enter a bilateral symposium.
Picture from Vietnam News Agency
During his visits to both countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Ching arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the local Vietnamese communities.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Ching suggested that the authorities of both countries pay more attention and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local society and cultivate relations between the two countries.
This proposal has been agreed and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Pham Minh Ching also shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain unity and collaboration with ASEAN countries and enhance ASEAN's ability to function in the context of complex and changing regional and international situations. The central role below.
With the important results achieved, Prime Minister Pham Minh Ching’s official visit to Singapore and Brunei is an important step in effectively implementing the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam’s foreign policy of prioritizing strengthening relations with ASEAN neighbors, and effectively implementing the Politburo’s policy on the new No. 12 Conclusion on Overseas Chinese Affairs in Vietnam (12-KL/TW) under the current situation, and make positive contributions by leveraging the unity of the entire nation.
(over)
What was the "object" shot down over Alaska?
Confusing and speculating
On the afternoon of Friday (February 10), the US military once again used the F-22, the most advanced stealth fighter jet in the United States, to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska, USA.
The crash occurred ten miles off the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the US military has shot down a flying object in the air.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China was destroyed near the coast of South Carolina after drifting in U.S. airspace for several days.
The Pentagon said the second downed object first entered U.S. airspace Thursday night and was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeastern Alaska at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet) and was the size of a small vehicle. It's about the same size as a car, much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no indication that the object is maneuverable.
John Kirby, strategic communications coordinator for the White House National Security Council, said on Friday that while the exact appearance of the high-altitude object was unclear, it "posed a legitimate threat to the safety of civilian aircraft."
Bryant said the object was different from the spy balloon found in the United States in that it had no "payload" hanging from it.
"Calling it an 'object' is the best description we can make at the moment," Bryant said.
President Biden took Pentagon advice before ordering the object to be shot down, and he made the decision "out of an abundance of caution," Bryant added.
The U.S. official description of this object can be roughly summarized as follows: It is about the size of a small car, has no joystick, no suspension device, and a flying altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But this information does not yet answer basic questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is performing.
Currently, many analyzes and speculations on the Internet believe that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It may come from China, just like the spy balloon that invaded U.S. airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America. They are performing some kind of mission in different locations.
Some people also associate this "object" in Alaska with "unidentified flying objects" (UFOs).
The U.S. Newsweek report quoted former U.S. Rep. Peter Meijer as tweeting on Friday, "Really hope this 'UFO' is also a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO." ".
"The irony of conflating an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worthy of sparking an interstellar conflict," Major said.
Major's tweet came shortly after Bryant confirmed the object had been shot down in Alaska.
Newsweek said Major was not the only one who suspected the object was a UFO.
Rep. Tim Burchett, a Tennessee Republican, criticized the government's cover-up of intelligence last month and asked the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on "UFOs."
I can’t believe Amazon’s customer service attitude
I guess few people have seen this, but I want to say a little bit about it.
This piece of clothing was a zippered hoodie when we purchased it, but it was actually a short-sleeved one that was given to me.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service. At that time, it was confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I asked for an exchange, and the customer service said to solve it. Then I immediately saw that the product name changed to short-sleeved, and the original link I bought was removed from the shelves. .
Then the customer service informed me that they should either keep the goods to compensate for a certain amount of money, or return the goods.
Is this how Amazon handles this?
It’s really unbelievable. It’s not my problem that the wrong clothes were shipped. As a consumer, I asked for the goods I should get, and I didn’t make any exaggerated demands. However, Amazon changed its name and said it was out of stock.
This is my first long review and I hope it won't be my last.
Incomprehensible sleeves
It is said to be made of cowhide, and it is indeed relatively hard, but if you look closely, you can see that there are many small cracks in parts. It is not clear whether it is genuine leather. In addition, the sleeves of this dress are really incomprehensible. Usually, the sleeves of jackets are longer than the hem of clothes. , but usually only 1-2 centimeters, this dress is a full 5 centimeters long, and the arm should naturally droop at the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this dress cover the fingers.
It’s easy to buy clothes and easy to return them.
But I don’t know when the money will be refunded?
The workmanship of the clothes was good, but because the fit was too small, I had to return them. However, more than a week has passed since the return, and I still haven’t received a refund?
Moreover, buyers are required to contact Quanfeng Express, which is not very trustworthy. This is the worst purchase I have ever made since purchasing items from Amazon!
But the store is still good and actively cooperates with the courier to urge timely refunds. However, the actual work of Quanfeng Express is quite infuriating. It takes about half a month to refund. This kind of partner will hold back Amazon. Yes, poor work efficiency and no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
99 instant sale.
The workmanship, color and feel of the woolen pants are good, they are soft/thick and have no kerosene smell.
Unfortunately, the version is slim and more suitable for young people.
3XL, lay-flat waist 2'5, maximum stretch size 4', 1.79/80kg, a bit tight around the waist.
It seems that there is no elastic band around the waist, so it is quite difficult to loosen the waist.
In addition, it is uncomfortable to wear next to the body.
Very good, the color is not very bright
It went up by more than 200 just after I bought it. What is going on?
The first time I used Amazon's courier service, I was not at home for the first delivery. Then I took the initiative to make two delivery appointments with the courier, but the courier didn't deliver. Then he directly returned it to me. Damn it. The courier has no integrity at all. I strongly recommend you not to use that courier that sucks every day.
This time, I also had a T-shirt returned to me, and the price increased by more than 100 yuan when I resold it.
Amazon’s self-operated products should not have products like this
I bought the product when it was on sale, the price is not low, and the reviews are also very good.
When I actually received the product, I was stunned. The surface of the product was extensively worn, and there were wear and tear in many other places. It was either a defective product or an old product, as shown in the picture later.
I applied for a return, but after seeing the picture, the manufacturer said it was caused by transportation. Isn't this nonsense?
How could the interior of the product be worn?
There are only two possibilities, either it is a defective old product, or I deliberately damaged the product and then returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I did not damage the goods, but based on my credit record for shopping on Amazon, I think such goods should not appear in Amazon's self-operated products. When customers choose Amazon's self-operated products, they trust it. Customer win , we win, the customer's victory is the manufacturer's victory, I hope everyone can work together to improve, thank you.
I have been using this product for less than a year, and two E2s appeared. I don’t know how to deal with it?
I purchased this product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, red E2 appeared frequently on the two groups on the right side of the receiver. There must be a problem with the transmitter module. This is consistent with the statement on the Amazon website that the transmitter module can work continuously. 7 years doesn't quite match it, and I can't find the after-sales service on the Amazon website. I don't know what to do now?
Okay
The first purchase was bad.
Doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn off and the label on the body was torn.
And it always keeps a white screen.
It's fine after replacing it.
The replacement was very fast. It was a bit blurry at night and the viewing angle was not very wide, but it is enough for ordinary household use.
The disadvantage is that I don’t have a card, I bought it myself, and I bought a mobile phone from Amazon before.
There will be a sticker on the package to prevent the package from being opened, but there is no one this time. When you buy the phone, there is a sticker-like stamp that can be affixed to the warranty card, but there is no one this time.
I don’t know if something is not available because it is cheap, and I am very confused.
Waiting for supplier's reply
There was no mark on the package, so I called the supplier directly and said it was authentic without the mark. If there was any doubt, I could mail the scraps to Johnson & Johnson for inspection. I also left the license plate number and phone number, and promised to send a text message to notify me to enter my information into Johnson & Johnson. Official website warranty card, but I haven’t received a text message yet?
I received the engine oil in the morning and replaced it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon’s self-operated products are still very reliable.
The oil changer said the oil was clear and it was indeed good oil.
Because this is my second purchase.
So I'm still very relieved.
The delivery was fast and the packaging was flawless. After using this oil, the engine sound dropped significantly.
The price/performance ratio is good, and it’s hard to find synthetic motor oil for less than $200.
Support Xingguan, support Valvoline, and effectively protect the car.
Amazon Japan’s customer service issues have seriously damaged buyers’ interests (8c caterpillars are shipped as 8cm caterpillars) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
He admitted his mistake, but kept pushing the blame, always emphasizing that the goods belonged to a third party and could not bind the third party.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
The size options on the page I originally purchased were 7c, 8, and 9c. I thought this was a trap at the time. I called Nichia’s Chinese customer service and was told clearly that 8 is 8c. However, when the product returned to China, I discovered that it was only 8cm. I thought this was This is a trap deliberately set to trick the Chinese (according to Amazon’s after-sales service). This option is no longer available on the viewing page.
Chinese customer service: We are sorry for the loss. We will give you two ways to go:
1. If you return the product, the buyer will bear all shipping costs.
2. If you don’t return the item, we will compensate you 1,000 yen.
(I did the math. The shoes cost more than 4,000 yen, which is counted as 200rmb. For option 1, I don’t have any shoes, so the loss is 200 yuan.
Option 2, I have shoes, and finally I was compensated 2,000 yen, and the final loss was 150rmb. Customer service: We have recorded it, and we will deal with it seriously. We responded to an email the next day, saying that I did not accept the mediation by the Chinese customer service, and that was it.
I pointed out: When the purchase page showed confusing options such as 7c, 8, and 9c, the Chinese customer service helped me tell me that Japan’s common codes do not include c, similar to 140, but why did you go to other places? Do you want to see the caterpillar page?
There are situations where US sizes and Japanese sizes are mixed.
Besides, why do you put 8cm between 7c and 9c? It is obviously the smallest size, so what do you mean by putting it there?
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese services, but we don’t know that you want to ship it back to your country, so we will not compensate you for the shipping cost.
I don’t understand this logic. I’m Japanese and I need Chinese customer service. Chinese people living in Japan don’t need Chinese customer service. Visitors to Japan don’t have the time to make international long distance calls. So the question is, who needs to call? Buying Chinese phones from Amazon overseas is just a daily purchase like me.
Isn’t Amazon’s Chinese customer service convenient for those of us who shop overseas?
Not very satisfied with this purchase
This is the second time I have purchased Pampers diapers from Amazon. I once bought a box of diapers when my baby was 2 months old. I chose diapers with imported paper from Europe. I was quite satisfied with my first purchase experience. My baby used them all night long. One diaper can indeed last for 12 hours without changing diapers.
But this time I purchased size L diapers. There were 2 packs of diapers packed separately in one box. After I opened it, I felt that the paper was looser, which was obviously different from the imported Pampers. After using it on my baby, it was pretty good and there was no leakage. Red rash and other signs.
But on the second pack of diapers, a red rash appeared on the baby's inner thighs immediately after starting to use them, and it has not gone away yet.
I suspect that the quality of the two packages in one box is not the same.
I probably won’t buy it again in the future!
Want to pay attention to the shipping protection of your package
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have seen in a long time of online shopping. There are no protective measures at all, including cushioning foam, packaging cushioning materials, etc., nothing.
Just a deformed box.
Moreover, the soft plastic box inside was packed, and the card box was pressed open and deformed.
I hope the genuine quality is guaranteed, and I won’t dare to buy anything from Amazon in the future.
I would rather it be half as expensive at home and have some protection.
Also, regarding the product packaging issue, I saw someone commenting on it in 2016. It’s 19 years now and it’s still the same.
This shows that Amazon does not pay attention to service feedback at all, which is far different from domestic JD.com, Tmall, etc.
Nice looking, but a little bit regretful
I really like the color of the whole cup, it’s orange. Even though I have a boy, I still think the combination of orange and yellow is very eye-catching.
It's a little smaller than I expected, but it's meant to be taken out, so it's acceptable.
I took it home and tried it last night. After the bottle cap was pushed open, the distance between the straw and the cap was too close. Because the straw is in a vertical position, my son always had to hold the bulge on the cap to drink water. , I think this place can be improved.
It seems that it makes sense for other brands of sippy cups to tilt the straws. Children’s products really only care about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and large capacity
I like that it is lightweight and has a large opening, but the two separate compartments are a bit redundant for me, and I feel like I don’t know what to pack.
After buying it, I found that there was another one from another brand on the overseas shopping mall that was very similar, and it only cost less than 200 yuan.
Fake, very fake
Amazon sells fake goods, and I am convinced.
The customer service said that since it has been used, it cannot be returned. How do I know it is a fake if I have not used it?
I am sad because of trust. After all, it is a product for wiping your face. Go to a physical store to buy it. It is a bit more expensive.
Because it was a flash sale, I didn’t read the comments. I have already submitted it to the e-commerce platform of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let’s protect our rights together.
broken?
Fake?
All in all a tragedy.
When I used the second tablet, I chose one with fine pores, but as soon as I opened it, there was a strange smell. I thought it was normal because I had never used this product before. Then when I applied it to my face, I couldn’t stand it. It had a very strong smell. , indescribable, it was so smokey that I coughed immediately, my eyes hurt, and I shed tears, so I immediately took it off and washed my face.
Bu Xinxie opened another tablet of the same type, and it didn't have such a strong smell. I'm applying it now.
I recall it smelling a bit like bad perm water in a hair salon.
It’s really unimaginable that Amazon’s self-operated skin care products will have to be avoided from now on?
profiteer
When I made the purchase, the event page said that if you spent 99 yuan or more, you would receive the "Complete Collection of Three-Body Problem". When you received the goods, there was no such gift. I called customer service and asked to show them screenshots of the event. The question is who bought the product and saved the screenshot of the webpage. Ah, for the activities you have done yourself, you still need customers to help you provide them. Buyers should be careful next time and save the evidence.
Feelings after use
It’s my first time to buy something on Amazon. I have a few different experiences. Let’s talk about the feeling after using the product first. First, it is painless and there is no irritating smell. Overall, it is very good. Just wait for 8 minutes. It comes off as soon as you wipe it from left to right, but there is only a small amount of hair residue on it, which you can't see unless you look carefully, so overall it is good. As for using it once, you have to continue to observe it and continue to use it.
Anyway, I think this thing is really good.
Secondly, I placed an order on the 27th and received the goods on the 12th. It took a total of 15 days, which is half a month. The service attitude of Amazon's deliveryman is also very good.
Third, don’t believe Amazon’s Black Friday. I placed an order on Friday and after waiting for 2 days, it was nearly 12 yuan cheaper. That is, I bought it for more than 170 (plus shipping fees and so on). If there is an event, I will mention it. The price feels the same.
The customer service said that the price fluctuates. I have been paying attention to the price for more than 10 days, and the price is like this, and the fluctuation is not big.
Affordable price, made in Japan, with Chinese label and granules, I will definitely repurchase!
There are granules in the paste, and the refreshing feeling is just right. After use, the teeth are smooth, and the texture is much better than that of some second-hand products. They say they are imported products, but many products do not have Chinese labels. I don’t know where they are wholesale from.
From now on, as long as Amazon has it, I will never go to second-hand stores again.
I would like to give you some advice. Why am I sometimes unable to post orders on Amazon’s app? I hope that some of the applications can be improved and things will get better and better!
Excellence has gotten worse and worse over the years, and there is no service quality at all!
When placing orders without regard to customer needs, Junk Excellence has a special delivery time of 19:00-22:00.
Because there are elderly people at home who are bedridden after surgery, we can only conveniently collect the items at night.
As a result, it was delivered directly to your door at 12 noon without calling in advance.
If the delivery time is up to your couriers to deliver it at whatever time they want, why bother pretending to set up a time for customers to choose?
If your own logistics cannot guarantee service, then simply don’t do e-commerce!
Asking an old man with three wounds on his body to get out of bed and open the door to collect express delivery, he still had to pay in change!
There is obviously a contact number on the order!
From the beginning to the end, no one called to give an explanation!
Joyo.com's so-called complaint customer service is just a bunch of outsiders pretending to be there, perfunctory your complaints and then give you a so-called reply.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I've encountered problems like this before, similar to wrong delivery time, and I tolerated it, but this time I couldn't stand it, it was too much!
When the new book I bought in pre-sale arrived, the front and back covers were reversed. This is obviously a quality problem, so why did you just close your eyes and send the book to the customer?
No one will contact you if you leave a negative review.
Excellence has gotten worse and worse over the years, and there is no service quality at all!
Never spend another dime on excellence.
The picture quality is really unacceptable
With a title like "Ancient Atlas," the selection, layout, and printing of pictures in this book are truly unacceptable. Some pictures are even mosaic-ed, making them blurry and unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small-format illustration, it should be worthy of the grand view of medieval documents left by our ancestors in the catalog!
(Besides, many pictures can be obtained with clear original files from relevant industry resources). What is the difference between using such pictures to put together a book and not using pictures?
! I regret such a scholarly spirit.
No comments will be made on the text, and each of the Fang family members will make their own decisions.
Overall 2 stars.
I read this book when I was a sophomore in high school. At that time, I just read it out of boredom. I felt that I would not be addicted to such a book. After all, Qidian’s online articles were not very attractive to me in the past.
And then...I fell into a trap.
According to this plot, the whole book is relatively light-hearted and enjoyable. In the first part, when Ye Xiu was still in the online game, even the intrigues between the guilds were not heavy at all because they were often bullied by Ye Shen. .
As for the competition part, I wrote a little bit of sadness about the changing times (maybe I am sentimental).
Reading the whole book took me a lot of study time in my second year of high school, but I just couldn't stop.
Full Time's description of characters and emotional lines is very amazing. Some characters are only introduced occasionally, but they will leave a deep impact on people. For example, the characters Ye Xiu, Huang Shaotian and Su Mucheng who are more focused on the description have a large number of fans. Characters that are not in the center of the writing, such as Jiang Botao, Chu Yunxiu, etc., are also very popular. In a cool e-sports article, people can't find a character that is extremely annoying. This is Zhongtai's success in character description. .
And on the emotional line, Zongtang does not have the problem that the 30 million beauties in the harem are either beautiful or rotten, which is criticized in ordinary Internet articles. The feelings of all the people in the whole article have one thing in common, that is, they like the game of Glory, and Most people want an upright victory.
There is a small plot but no big conspiracy. Everyone looks so innocent and cute.
This may be why there are no unsavory characters in Full Time.
Full-time IP is very large, and this is also attributed to this.
Putting aside the cultural phenomenon of online writing, Full Time is a good book.
To some extent, he will really provide people with some passion and a little bit of touching.
In April this year, I will be working full-time on animation.
In fact, I have wanted to buy this set of books for a long time, but I never made the decision because my wallet is never thick enough. Then when I wanted to buy it, I found that fakes are rampant on TB. In fact, Full Time has recently released another version. Here is the cover picture. I quite liked it myself, but I still planned to buy the older version first, so I looked at it on Amazon and bought a set at once.
Next, let’s briefly talk about the situation of the goods.
●The fourth book does not have the plastic cover, but the book is new.
●The seventeenth book is in plastic but has been opened. The texture of the book is also very strange and it feels not as hard as the others.
●The situation of the 23rd book is the same as the 17th book, but it is also harder than the 17th book, but it is very old.
●The publishers of some of the books are different. It seems that the 23rd and 17th books are from the same publisher, and they are different from the others.
●Overall, I am quite satisfied. The box of 24 books is quite large, so I am very satisfied.
Lonely little lion
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as "The Lost Corner", but it turns out there are a lot of words!
I read it three times before I finished reading this book to the children. A little lion who can shoot a gun and a little lion who loves to eat fruit juice gummies.
When I saw the plot of the lion eating the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern urban people can't accept the arrangement of being eaten by animals.
In the end, this little lion who succeeded in human society lost himself. He was no longer a complete lion, nor a complete human being.
In the end, there was only the back of the little lion, and I don’t know where he went.
Maybe many years later, the image of this little lion will still remain in the memory of the grown-up child. If he is reminded of it one day inadvertently, it may touch or inspire her.
Very cost-effective portfolio
1. I didn’t know TASCHEN before, but I have bought a lot of their books recently because they are so powerful, both in topic selection and production itself.
This work has been published in 3 versions. The largest version is the same as the complete works of Michelangelo, both are close to 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the medium version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this version is the smallest, It also comes with a two-volume book box.
Personally, I think it’s acceptable. Firstly, the price is cheap, and the 700-plus pages are divided into two volumes, making it easy to read as a paperback. Secondly, unlike the complete works of Michelangelo, paintings take up the main part, while Leonardo da Vinci’s Black and white manuscripts account for the majority. For readers with limited budgets and non-art majors, this edition is the most cost-effective for appreciating paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanation of the painting part is very good, including composition analysis, draft analysis and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I don’t know if it is a printing or book size problem. Some of the shadows are too deep and it is difficult to see the details clearly. Pity.
3. Compared with Michelangelo's manuscripts, Leonardo da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer in content.
The former is already a genius, while the latter's extensive involvement and high achievements cannot be described as a genius.
If you could only understand half of Leonardo da Vinci by looking at the paintings before, you will be completely speechless after reading the manuscripts.
Trash, whoever buys it will regret it!
I never give negative reviews. This is really rubbish. It was a waste of money. Please give me a reason!
1. The time is not accurate, it suddenly becomes January 1st, and the time returns to zero.
2. The low-quality belts are not made of silicone and cause allergies and blisters on the wrists.
3. Often unable to connect to mobile phone.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. The sleep detection is not displayed and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Others.
Logistics is too slow
It said it would arrive on October 16th, but I didn’t receive it until the 21st. Bad review!
The express delivery is so bad. Buying things on Amazon is already slow, but I didn’t expect it to be so slow!
Overall satisfied
I was worried about the packaging of the camera at first, but this time it was okay. There was an inflatable bag inside, the three codes of the camera were the same, and it could be registered on the official website. The number of shutters was 0. The rest can only be verified by time.
The delivery speed is quite fast. I want to complain about the courier guy. The valuable items were left at the concierge and left very quickly. I couldn't unbox and inspect them in front of him. I was really speechless about this.
The merchant considers the customer before shipping:)
The merchant was more responsible and made a special call to ask about the screen size of the camera he was using. He really thought about the customer.
Delivery speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also quite suitable and effective when applied.
The battery is not fully charged
The machine is really good, but I would like to ask why it is not fully charged after charging for the first time. The charging indicator light is always red.
Currently I can’t find Amazon’s official feedback channel, so I can only provide feedback in product reviews.
1. On March 29, I purchased this book for 31 yuan through the pre-order channel. It shows that it will be pushed to the device on March 31. At this time, the book cannot be previewed on the Amazon official website (because it has not been released yet);
2. The content of the book pushed to the device on March 31st is blank, only stay tuned, and the price of the electronic version of the book on Amazon has been reduced to 18 yuan;
3. In the past two days, I have repeatedly tried to delete the downloaded blank book on the device and synchronize it again, but I was unable to obtain the electronic version of "The Nature of Business" containing the actual content. However, I saw that the book can be previewed on Amazon's official website.
I have a few thoughts at the moment
1. The price issue is actually not the most important. The key is how to replace the blank books on the Kindle with books with actual content, instead of downloading them forever and saying "Stay tuned"
2. You should not buy the book you pre-ordered in the future. After all, if the ticket is delayed, the procedure for downloading a book with empty content seems very complicated;
3. I hope Amazon will provide a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When you have questions about e-book downloads or use, you can have a place to provide feedback (work orders and online customer service are both acceptable. You can refer to how to do this in the official Microsoft mall) of)
Not very recommended reading
I read it a long time ago, so I happened to see it and write down my thoughts after reading it from memory.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of fragments about love in life.
The writing style of this book is extremely bland, as bland as boiled water. The wording and sentence construction pursue simplicity to the extreme, and the plot is as quiet and plain as a street on a summer afternoon.
Each short story is a snapshot of a short period of time in ordinary life, without beginning or ending.
Finally, they were collected together and titled "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love."
I think this collection of novels and its title are like a kind of performance art. What the author wants to express is that love is more than just the joys and sorrows on the stage, the ups and downs in urban legends, and it is not just the incompatibility between you and me. Love is It is not only the above and should not be represented by the above, love is also a life as plain as water, boring day after day, but also contains confusion about life, escape from reality, and confusion about the future.
When reading this book, you may recall in your mind the quarreling couples around you, the boring marriages of people you know, and the unsatisfactory relationships.
This is exactly why I don't recommend reading it. From an aesthetic point of view, the writing and plot of this book are boring. Unless your life is stormy or as sweet as living in a candy castle, you will feel strange when reading it. Not weird and boring.
In terms of ideological depth, the daily plot does not brighten people's eyes or expand one's thinking and vision (this is different from Marquez's "Love in the Time of Cholera"), and the short clips do not explore any issues, such as What kind of mistakes lead to the failure of love?
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don’t recommend reading this book. It doesn’t make much sense whether you read it or not.
The author's ideas are expressed more through techniques and genres rather than storyline, which is why the reading experience of this book is poor.
Suitable for rough reading, not careful reading.
The logic of this book is very good, but the content is not rich enough.
It explains a lot of what sales theory is and why, but it is very weak in how to do it. It just points out the direction but does not give specific methods.
Plus, the book feels like it was pieced together.
Examples include both domestic and foreign ones; well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople and unknown people.
I don’t know if this is a story compiled for the sake of giving examples. It would be more convincing if some cases that the author personally experienced would be cited.
Change back and forth between being called a customer or a client.
It's still a customer in the title, but it becomes a customer in the text.
There are also problems with typos, missing punctuation, and wrong numbering in the e-book.
In short, this book is a good choice as a theoretical introduction, but it is not suitable for people who are already engaged in sales and want to improve their sales level.
A guide to quickly understand Internet finance
This book is very shallow. It can be said that it is just an introductory course that can help everyone quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance. However, if you want to understand it in depth, you still have to follow the pictures and dig deeper yourself.
Moreover, the book was written earlier, and the later content of Alipay and WeChat cultivating user habits through subsidy wars has not been mentioned. The share of third-party payment today is probably not as small as stated in the book.
Nowadays, many people just bring their mobile phones with them when going out to eat. Merchants have also abandoned UnionPay because of high bank turnover.
But I am still very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It can be seen that the author has at least many years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, so he can write such easy-to-understand content.
It's easy to write about the sky and the sky, but what's difficult is to write about it in an easy-to-understand way.
I appreciate you and want you to know even more!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the salary, but whether he or she is sufficiently valued and appreciated at work.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs theory, after people's basic survival needs are met, the most urgent thing is the satisfaction of psychological needs-the hope of being understood, affirmed, and appreciated.
Indeed, for most Chinese people, "I love you but it's hard to say it in my heart." Even if they have love, gratitude and appreciation, they keep it silently in their hearts and never say it out loud.
The author explains five languages of appreciation in this book: words of affirmation, quality moments, acts of service, desirable gifts, and physical touch.
I think the important thing is not that you know what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use these five languages to appreciate from the bottom of your heart anytime and anywhere, and to be grateful to the people around you, whether it is family, friends or colleagues.
In fact, the closer we are to people, the more we need appreciation and gratitude, so that our lives will become better.
By learning to appreciate, companies can also retain talents to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.
Thanks to the translator for bringing us wonderful foreign ideas and world.
Due to Chinese and Western cultural backgrounds and other reasons, there will be more or less differences between languages. If you have the opportunity to see the author's original version, I believe you will gain more.
Thank you again to the author, translator and editors for their hard work!
If the product is suspected to be counterfeit, please strictly review it on Amazon.
The quality is super poor, the packaging is loose and weightless, even inferior to the products sold at roadside stalls. There is no weight and no barcode. The ten-bag packaging is also loose and loose, which is not the characteristic of a qualified product at all. It is the worst shopping experience on Amazon. I have already applied for a return; It is entirely a quality issue; merchants are advised to keep their eyes peeled and refuse inferior goods; added: I bought another purchase from the supermarket for 23 yuan/10 rolls. I added a few comparison photos to further verify the fakeness of the product. In order to provide consumers with Clearer reference to avoid financial losses and further upset!
I once again hope that Amazon can be meticulous and strictly control the source of products.
A so-so product that falls short of expectations
advantage:
1. Big brand, cheap price.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are guaranteed by PANASONIC, and they are OK to use, but there is a gap between them and my expectations.
shortcoming:
1. There is no indicator light for charging. This most basic power indicator is omitted. It is estimated that customers who buy a product worth 300 yuan will see it as charity and no respect in the eyes of Panasonic PANASONIC.
2. There is a strong smell. When charging, even if it is only charged for 10 minutes, you can smell a strong smell of burning plastic.
I tried it in the office for one day, and the whole house smelled like plastic.
Compared with the Philips PHILIPS of the same price range that I have used before, although it has an extra cutter head, the quality of this Panasonic product is really disappointing to consumers.
Small Package
When I received the express delivery, I saw the e-commerce version written on it and I knew I had fallen into a trap again. It was smaller than the one I bought in the supermarket. It should be M. The packaging was different from the picture in the product introduction. It was called the new version.
The three stars are because I was careless and didn't read the product specifications clearly. I have no problem with you selling the M size e-commerce version. What do you mean by the wrong version?
The e-commerce routine is deep, so I still go to the supermarket to buy it when I have time.
Just purple.
Don't like the taste
The child doesn't like the taste of toothpaste. He always says it's spicy. Maybe it would be more appropriate to use another word to describe it. This is the only word in the child's vocabulary for the time being.
I bought it during an event and it was very cheap, so I’m embarrassed to give a bad review. It’s four stars, but I won’t buy it again.
Authentic and well packaged
The packaging is complete, with an inflatable bag inside, and there are no online reviews, just a bare product.
There is also a plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle as described in the picture. The delivery was also very fast. It arrived the next day after taking the picture.
It's genuine, but it's out of stock. I don't know when it will be available again.
A terrible shopping experience
I placed an order during Black Friday, but I didn't receive it after waiting for a long time. When I checked later, I found that the package had already been signed for. I asked my colleagues around me and they all said they didn't sign for it. I quickly contacted the courier company, but they said that the sender can only initiate the inquiry. I contacted Amazon customer service and waited for more than ten days. I finally figured out that the express delivery had been mistakenly delivered to someone else. After several rounds of work, I finally got the express delivery back. The outer packaging had been removed, but the product was still intact, and I didn’t know it had been used. Have you ever, it’s pretty bad anyway
Wrong picture
I thought I would receive headphones like the ones in Figure 1, but I didn’t expect to receive headphones like the ones in Figure 2. It doesn’t matter if the pictures are inconsistent. What does it mean that the sound volume on the left and right of the headphones is different?
Although the names are the same, I still hope that everyone will pay attention to them, and also ask the person in charge of Amazon to change the correct pictures in time. Thank you very much.
Operating system is so-so
I've been using it for a while, and overall the graphics are okay. I can't feel any difference. It's just that this system is confusing. The boot time is obviously a bit slow, and I can't make good settings. I don't need the software I brought with me. I commented that the response speed is even more average, and it is not an order of magnitude compared to my colleagues'.
I read reviews saying that the design is very user-friendly, but I didn't find any user-friendly features. The commonly used up, down, left, right, and return buttons on the remote control are designed in a way that I can't compliment.
So, just use it as a TV, and add a TV box or something like that.
The price reduction is too great
The price reduction is so great, it’s now 99 for more than 100 yuan!
I have accumulated a lot of unevaluated orders on Amazon, so I use a copied paragraph as the evaluation content.
If I use this paragraph to evaluate, it means that this product has at least 85 points.
As for inferior products, I will never be lazy enough to copy and paste reviews, so that other consumers will use them as a reference when purchasing, and the merchants will also improve the quality of the products.
Low price, good thread, this is enough if you don’t get a fever!
Such a cheap cable, but it should have met HDMI certification standards. I personally compared it with the domestic Akihabara bullshit (the price is twice as expensive). The cable body is thick and relatively soft. There is no noise in the 7-meter transmission. Look for Baseus in the future for low-price lines!
The stuff is okay, but Amazon’s after-sales service is really much worse than other websites.
After placing the order, I discovered that I had placed the wrong order, but I could no longer cancel the order. The online customer service page kept showing an error link and I couldn’t be contacted.
After the goods arrived, the delivery man called me and I said I didn't want it anymore. I wanted to cancel the order but the cancellation was not successful, so the delivery man took it back and asked me to sign for it first and let me apply for a return.
When I applied for a return, I was told that food items cannot be returned once they are signed for, and there was no way to call Amazon customer service. The same statement said that they cannot be returned after signed for.
I have purchased items from both JD.com and Suning that are non-returnable according to their policies, including milk, diapers, etc., but I contacted customer service and they were refunded. Moreover, JD.com’s diapers smelled too much after opening, so I still contacted customer service and was refunded. However, this is not the case with Amazon. .
Rules are dead, but people are alive. How to deal with it if I contact your customer service?
Tell me that I can either accept it myself or let the delivery person buy it myself. It is not easy for people to deliver things, so why should I let people pay for something I did not buy?
Okay, I won’t return it, I’ll accept it myself, but I must give you 1 point for your service.
I advise everyone not to spend money in vain
First of all, I was looking forward to buying it. I thought that the Dole brand should not be any worse. After receiving it, I thought the packaging was okay and the size was pretty good. However, there was one box that was basically soft and you couldn’t tell from the outside. , it depends on the feel, it has no taste at all in your mouth, it is bland and tasteless. When you bite it, the flesh is dark yellow, which means it is broken. It is sold with good and bad ginseng, and less than one third is edible. I advise everyone not to buy it, it is not cheap and the quality is too bad!
You gain wisdom every time you take a step, and you will never buy fruit from e-commerce stores again!
Where is the product anti-counterfeiting mark?
The bottom corner of the bottle is severely dented, probably caused by a strong impact. Judging from the outer packaging bag, the degree of ravage is heart-wrenching. After all, the packaging for food is too simple, and it is purchased internationally. Have you seen any obvious anti-counterfeiting signs? It is very easy to open the bottle. The key is that a layer of honey inside the cap comes out directly. There is almost no adhesion with the opening. Are all foreign products like this?
Being born in China, I don’t understand it.
It should be genuine, right?
Also, when I took the photo, it said it would arrive on the 20th. I received this on the 14th. It was my first overseas purchase here, so I just wrote down my doubts. Maybe this is normal?
Pickup service needs to be improved
I bought a total of 5 pick-up coupons. When I picked them up, I made an appointment to pick up 3 copies for the first time, but only 2 were sent. After many communications, it was confirmed that they were missed and they needed to be reissued after I agreed; I made the second appointment just in time. On a holiday, there was no prompt on the website or WeChat to make an appointment on a working day, which caused unnecessary panic. It is recommended to improve it in the future.
nice shopping
Good things!
I still trust Amazon’s self-operated products. It’s very convenient to buy overseas now. The logistics time is just a few days longer than at home. I have to say that Amazon’s customs clearance capabilities for overseas purchases are still very strong, which is much faster than transshipment. It’s much faster, so now many things are purchased overseas.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic products can be better. Many things are made in China, but it is cheaper to go out and buy them back than at home. I hope to improve.
Rubbish
When you see packages like this, let me ask you: Do you think they are garbage on the roadside?
A fragile plastic package is sent from Germany in a plastic bag. Is such packaging responsible?
I think this kind of packaging is like garbage. When I bought this product, the packaging was extremely crude, without any measures to prevent damage. It was just packed in a simple plastic bag. When I got it, the package was completely deformed and the items inside were damaged.
If I just come across one like this, I admit it, and I buy a few that are like this. I call Amazon customer service, and the customer service says that I can return it, but the shipping fee will be paid in advance, and then the shipping fee will be returned to me in the form of a gift card.
Let me ask, I paid the shipping fee in cash, and you gave me a gift card in return. Just tell me that you are asking me to buy your gift card myself, and I have to mail the product to the German warehouse myself. Isn’t this a punishment for buying a product?
And I kept telling the customer service who was responsible for such a problem, but the customer service didn't even say that it was their responsibility, and they didn't even dare to take the responsibility. What kind of guarantee is there for such after-sales service? In a word: admit it. Damn it! But I guess Amazon will not give my review a chance to be published and will delete it directly!
The quality is very good, 5 stars, but the logistics is very poor.
1. The quality is very good, flash sale, affordable, and great value for money.
2. Strong, sufficient materials, solid solder joints, proper surface treatment, and good color.
3. Logistics is a flaw. The order placed on the 3rd arrived on the 11th.
4. If Amazon didn’t mark the estimated arrival time as February 7th, I might be very satisfied.
5. But marking the expected arrival time is equivalent to giving the user a promise. When the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user will feel very uncomfortable.
6. If you are not sure about the promise, please do not make a promise.
7. In fact, I care very much about the promises made by merchants.
8, so I gave it a low score.
The gold thread will fade
The effect is still there, but whether it feels obvious depends on the individual or the psychological effect.
One bad thing is that the gold thread was originally designed to look good, but in fact, the gold thread will fade. Once it is placed on the car, if it is moved several times, there will be stains on the hands and on the car. Some gold dust.
Hope the product can be improved.
This kind of square shape has no decorative effect, so don't put gold threads on it. It will be troublesome if it falls off and stains the car.
The items are in good condition and the speed is acceptable. They are divided into 2 parcels and packaged differently.
The speed of 8 days is quite fast, but it is 2 pieces divided into 2 packages, and the packaging is not the same. It is obvious that one is too shockproof, with thick cardboard attached and a layer of plastic sealing. The outer packaging is also easy to remove, and the other one is domestic. It looks like a courier box, just put a few cushioning airbags and it feels a bit perfunctory.
Yalan mattress is really good
The 34CM mattress is not ordinary thick, so you can just sleep on the mattress without a bed.
The quality is very good. Both the front and the back are very soft. It is very comfortable to sleep on. I fell asleep quickly when I lay on it.
After receiving the mattress, there were stains in two places due to violent express delivery. Yalan’s customer service was very responsible and efficiently contacted to solve the problem.
This is not a self-operated product, Amazon is shameless
The page is clearly marked as self-operated, but is actually delivered by the supplier. The supplier is responsible for after-sales service. If there is any problem, please contact the supplier yourself.
I want to cancel the order. Sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier and cannot be canceled. I want to return or exchange the goods. I successfully applied for a return or exchange on Amazon. Sorry, no one will care about you. You need to contact the supplier to return the goods yourself.
What kind of self-operated products are these?
The product is not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon is not responsible for the after-sales service. The customer service actually said, "I will help you contact the supplier," and claimed that it is self-operated. It is so shameless, blatantly shameless, and blatantly defrauding consumers!
Depressing experience
The filter element I purchased online from another company had a good filtration effect. After the 28 days, there was still no scale even if I used it for another day or two.
Since the quality of the things I have purchased on Amazon has always been good, I decided to buy it here this time. It was the first time I bought a filter element on Amazon and I didn’t feel very good. Not only did scale start to appear early, but the filter element was used until the 28th day. , there will be little black toner suspended in it. I really don’t know whether to continue using it or just throw it away. It’s very depressing~
Not as good as expected
Compared with the power strips I have used in the past, the exterior workmanship is average, and the interior has not been disassembled to see. I hope it is as described by the store. In terms of ease of use, there is a lack of indication whether each independent unit is powered on.
The packaging is damaged, please wait for time to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is seriously damaged. The packaging box inside seems to be new, but the instruction manual does not seem to be new. It was renovated in September and is being stocked. I hope it will not be broken by then. Please explain to Amazon why several customers mentioned this. The packaging is damaged, but you can handle it safely, thank you!
Overall good, with a few minor issues
It was my first time to buy a water filter jug. I read a few review articles. I felt that LAICA was more cost-effective, so I chose this one. After receiving the product, I installed the filter element according to the instructions. I tried it out and it felt generally good. However, when I poured the water, I felt like it was The raw water will be mixed with the treated water from the spout (the raw water tank is not tightly sealed).
When using, be sure to wait until all the water is filtered before pouring it out!
The picture is incomplete
The picture does not capture the details of the side. The details on the side are not consistent with the style of the main body. There is a big difference. This is the first one. The beads are made in Thailand and the place of origin is not marked. The second one is the texture. The texture is not marked. This is the second one. Thirdly, when I bought it in the UK, it was clear that each item had its own box. There was only a simple plastic bag, and there was no product mark on the beads. How could I tell whether they were genuine or fake?
Be careful when buying, especially when buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service sucks
I placed an order two days ago. When I received it today, I found that the price was reduced by 40 yuan. I spent a lot of time finding customer service. The customer service said that they could not make up for the difference and that they could repurchase and return the product.
This kind of customer experience and service is really 10,000 times worse than that of Aubao.com.
It’s okay. As a novice, it’s worth buying.
The quality is decent, not comparable to the best King Kong. I've seen the price in the mall before, and it's several hundred at least. This is my first time playing King Kong, and it's okay.
Things are good
The items were really good. I gave them to my girlfriend. However, I was a little unhappy when I was not at Canada Express at noon. The logistics company directly deposited the items in the mailbox and did not send me a verification text message for pickup, causing me to make two trips.
But the baby is really good.
worth buying
The little monkey is cute, Amazon offers great discounts, and the product is shipped directly from Chow Sang Sang’s official website. I placed the order the night before yesterday and received it this afternoon, so fast.
Postal couriers are also very responsible.
Thumbs up!
A customer's confession
1. When you receive such a defective product, Amazon customer service tells you not to worry. We will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then you contact the customer service staff in the middle, and they will tell you that the problem will be handled by a specialist, who will inform you of the result.
You can never contact this specialist actively, and you don’t know her job number, nor does she have a direct contact number. You just can’t contact her, and she has to contact you.
3The tragedy is that after waiting for nearly 3 days, this specialist contacted me. I left my phone for a while and did not receive a call from this specialist.
I waited for 2 hours but did not get a call from the specialist. During this period, I took the initiative to contact Amazon customer service and sent an email to customer service asking her to call me back.
4Nearly 3 days have passed and I still don’t know what Amazon will do with the defective coffee machine I received!
5 There is no problem with the products on Amazon in the United States. Overseas shopping is a good way of shopping, but the service is far inferior to that of Meiya.
6For me, I can only continue to wait...
The bottom is uneven
Because everything in the reviews was very good, I was looking forward to this pot. I also liked it when I got it. It is very light. However, when I opened the pot, I found a problem. The bottom of the pot is not flat. It is protruding in the middle and around the edges. It was dented, and the oil ran to the periphery. The big fat pork that I bought specially for the pot was fried and there was so much oil that it couldn't cover the central area. It was mushy and the pot couldn't be opened. It's probably impossible to cook properly with this kind of structure.
I don’t know if I was unlucky and just got a pot with an uneven foundation. Fortunately, Amazon provided a one-month return service, so I decided to return it.
I brushed the pot clean and returned it, and I worked in vain for a long time.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve
This is a product with a very simple design style.
In the shape of a cube, the designer processed the top into a slightly curved surface.
It's supposed to be very smooth lines.
It's a pity that the final effect was not realized.
Because there are two parts on the top, the control panel on the front and the top cover of the water tank on the back.
The curvature of the top cover and the curvature of the control panel are actually inconsistent. After being put together, there is a height difference of up to about 2mm.
Although it looks like a small gap.
But it can be said that the entire design sense is destroyed.
I feel a little sorry for that product designer.
It seems that Midea's product managers are not yet capable of creating products of this level.
(Of course I can’t ask too much for the feedback from the after-sales lady, but when I heard the after-sales lady say that all individuals of this product are like this, and it’s not just the one I bought that had problems, her disapproval and truthful emotions made me sad. I understand that you can’t have too high demands on Midea) On July 7, 2019, the water pump failed and the water output was low. It was repaired for the second time. It broke again two weeks after the first repair.
It’s a good deal after the discount, but Amazon’s fake discount is very sad
I bought it a week after my baby was born, it has excellent thermal insulation.
There is no trace of heat that can be touched from the outside of the kettle, so it can effectively protect the temperature from leaking even if you are not afraid of scalding people.
The air-conditioned room can still maintain a high temperature after a night.
Amazon said there was a big discount of 320 for the anniversary event, but later I found out that everyone had it for 249, 289, 299. I instantly felt like I was cheated. However, I went to the supermarket to compare it and it was still much more cost-effective than various other brands at the same price. I can take it with me in the car when I go out in the future.
Vitamix 6300
I have been waiting and watching for a long time. I saw that Meiya 6300 is on sale and Zhongya has the same price when purchasing overseas, so I quickly bought it.
I placed an order on September 2nd and expected the goods to arrive on the 21st, but it arrived on the 12th, almost 10 days ahead of schedule. It was so fast!
The packaging box is not big, and it comes directly from the original packaging of Vitamix. Amazon is not afraid of it being broken when it travels across the ocean!
The machine looks quite new and has all the accessories, but the cup shakes so much when it is placed on the base that I'm afraid the cup will fly out when I turn it on!
I asked a friend who has a 5200, and from his description it seemed that it was not as loose as mine.
The recipes that come with the package are all in English, which is quite tiring to read, and I can’t find a Chinese version online, which is a nuisance!
After receiving the goods, I quickly bought a transformer. It will probably arrive in 3 days. Then I will have a good time!
Too small, no umbrella cover, and the material is average.
Not a large size at all!
The second Totes, 1. This one does not have an umbrella cover 2. The umbrella handle is made of average material 3. It clearly says Large, but in fact it is a convenient umbrella for one person. It is probably not enough for two people.
On the contrary, the one I bought from Meiya can be used by three people without any stress.
not feeling well
First of all, the box is not very strong, and it deforms when pressed. Secondly, the ABS on the back is designed to prevent scratches on the surface of the box when it is laid flat. Thirdly, the inside of the box is wrapped with a piece of cloth and the pull rod is prominent. Come out...and so on, all kinds of dissatisfaction, the zipper is a bit not smooth at the end.
PS: The wheels feel really good
Well enough
Pros: This backpack is more sophisticated and looks durable.
Disadvantages: The QR code on the card cannot be scanned (what the hell), a 15.6-inch laptop cannot fit (can it be longer), the zipper of this backpack can be locked, but there is no lock for the buyer , it cannot be said that service is supreme.
Overall, it's okay, but I don't know if it's genuine leather.
The overall feeling is okay. I don’t know whether it is genuine leather, so I can’t make a blind assessment.
It can hold A4-format documents, up to 80 pages thick, but it may not be able to hold box-shaped objects that are too thick and hard (non-deformable).
The bag is very soft, and the inner pockets are separated in a more user-friendly manner, which is quite good.
It's just that the bottom of the one I got has a small blister. I don't know if it's because of my bad character or not?
Too lazy to go back and forth to exchange goods, I put up with it.
Overall, it's worth giving it four stars.
ForRoyal, the world's most popular camera strap and SLR strap
This strap is designed more scientifically and can be hung on both shoulders. It is practical and has a soft material on the chest to fix and protect the camera. It does not use screws to fix the bottom of the strap to damage the camera like other fast shooters. It is also very convenient to take off for photography.
Junk after-sales service
The piano I bought a month and a half ago was missing a part. After notifying Amazon, they gave me a customer service phone number. After many communications, the parts have not been received yet. How efficient is this!
It is estimated that if there are problems in the future, repairs will be more troublesome. Friends who are looking forward to good after-sales service should avoid it, it is too troublesome!
There are minor flaws, but the sound is good.
The headstock is defective, a corner is missing, and it feels like a defective product. There are no gifts, but the price is already good, and the sound of the guitar is also good.
Not bad, first order
I've been using it for a long time, and except for the lack of bass, it's generally pretty good.
It's just that the workmanship is not as perfect as imagined.
When I first bought it, there was something wrong with it, all the lights were flickering and it didn't work.
I asked for an exchange, but it has been three days since the goods arrived in Shanghai and they still haven't been delivered.
The delivery person didn't answer the phone.
The courier company said they only had that contact number.
Amazon can't find a place to complain.
I didn't ask for a delay in delivery, but somehow the delivery was delayed according to my request - this text message came.
Later, I talked about the transit issue.
Anyway, the extremely poor shopping experience made me question the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics system and control system.
I probably won’t be able to get it today.
The label has poor adhesiveness and is not waterproof
Although Bluetooth connection is very convenient, the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface is not covered with film; and the label has poor stickiness, so it is not suitable for cable labels and is very easy to fall off. Friends who buy it for organizing cables need to pay attention. For a moment.
The pen is okay, but the package is too crude. It's just a paper box with no protection measures. Moreover, the box containing the pen is stuck with a large piece of transparent glue. When you tear it off, the glue is still on the box.
It's a very disappointing purchase to treat something worth 600 yuan like this.
But the pen is fine.
I hope there will be more improvements in packaging in the future!
I can’t say the quality, but when it comes to writing, it’s not as good as 925-25
First of all, let me praise Tiantian Express. Airmail is super fast and the service attitude is also very good!
I have been using the 925-25, which is great. I just received the 925-85. The quality of the pen is excellent and the style is very beautiful. The reason why I gave it four stars is because the pen is a bit heavy and not suitable for fast writing. The cap of the pen adjusts the length of the lead. It's a little wobbly. Personal opinion: 925-25 is more comfortable than 85.
So I became a die-hard Amazon fan
I bought it at a super discounted price, but my child didn’t like the reading pen.
I opened the package and tried to apply for a return, but it was picked up for free.
So awesome.
Returns are not encouraged, but there is only one such service in China.
Hope it won't be abused.
I will buy all my future books here.
Headphones have partial sound and noise
This headset is really rubbish. I don’t know if there is something wrong with my ears or if this headset just isn’t as good as it used to be.
I bought a blue one two years ago in a store. The sound quality was pretty good, no noise, and the bass was good. After using it for more than two years, I planned to buy another one (urbeats) after it was worn out. After all, it felt pretty good.
I also saw a purple one, which was pretty good-looking. I bought this one and when I opened it today, I felt something was wrong. The sound was loud and the sound was quiet.
At first I thought it was because of the sound effects of that song and didn't think much about it, but after listening to it for a long time I realized that the problem was serious. Not only was the sound biased, the bass effect was not as good as the one I had before, and there was also a little noise. Does the purple one I bought have this phenomenon? Or is it that the manufacturing process of earphones is really bad now?
Pretty bad review, very disappointed.
Be sure to return it during the day tomorrow.
PS looks good
This AV amplifier has complex settings, rough exterior workmanship, and high heat generation.
I’ll evaluate the sound after using it for a while!
I just bought the German version of DN1080 on August 14th. At first glance, the workmanship is very poor.
1. The front panel and knobs are made of plastic.
2. The audio input jack and speaker output terminals on the rear panel are very poor. Any CD amplifier with a price of 1000-2000 is much better than this one.
3. The top cover is relatively thin, and my transformer side was dented. I had to open the box and restore it by hand, and the top cover and front panel were loose.
4. The center of gravity of the entire machine is biased toward the transformer end, which makes it awkward to move.
It feels like Sony's entry-level machine, the workmanship is good, and it's made in Malaysia.
I feel that it would be much better for Sony to be OEMed in China than Pony.
5. The machine generates a lot of heat. The top cover of the two-channel audio system used for watching a movie for about 2 hours has a temperature of 40-50°C when touched by hand. I wonder if the transformer is too large and generates a lot of heat.
Nowadays, switching power supplies are mostly used. This silly big transformer is estimated to weigh 4KG.
Sony should use a silent fan that actively dissipates heat inside the machine. After unboxing, we only see large aluminum plate heat sinks on the tubes.
Xiaogui
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise integrating R&D, design, processing, production, marketing and trade. It mainly produces men's outdoor casual clothing. It is a booming young enterprise.
FANDUN JEEP clothing focuses on the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, introduces international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and builds a first-class domestic clothing production line.
Maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public welfare.
In terms of informatization construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of the company's product flow, logistics and information flow, so that the company's comprehensive management capabilities have been strengthened and improved, and the company's modern management level has been improved as a whole.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of "integrity, harmony, quality, and excellence". Its products are based on the domestic market and are deeply favored by customers.
Fandun Jeep Clothing, because you are young, you are confident!
We sincerely welcome customers at home and abroad to cooperate and create brilliance together!
Enterprise spirit: Be proactive and keep pace with the times. Service tenet: Customer first, sincere dedication. Corporate mission: Lead the trend and establish the brand.
Never disassembled
The battery is in use.
I really want to dissect it and see what's in its belly.
Later I thought about it, if I was disappointed after taking it apart, it would be unjust to spend so much money; if I was satisfied with it after taking it apart, it would be difficult to put it back together and it would be unpleasant to use.
Forget it, even if Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed description of the power, most people will feel guilty after looking at it.
Fortunately, I have worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time. In addition to not understanding circuits, I am also half a battery engineer and can handle it.
Overjoyed
I was really unsure before buying it, but when I opened it and saw the packaging, I felt it was right!
Finally, when I touched the headphone cable, it felt very flexible and the quality was so good that I couldn’t wait to plug it into my phone and open QQ Music.
I was shocked, the sound quality was actually surround 3D!
I asked at a physical communication store, and it was about 30 yuan, but it was definitely not the Pinsheng brand, it was a miscellaneous brand. Therefore, although this Pinsheng product costs 27 yuan, the price/performance ratio is definitely worth owning!
Worst online shopping experience
After placing the order on September 28, the system showed that it had been shipped. However, I waited until October 12 and still did not receive the goods.
When checking the Amazon order status, the seller did not provide the express delivery number and could not find out where the order was.
So I sent an email to the seller to ask if he could provide the express delivery number, but there was no reply after two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service. The customer service told the seller's mobile phone number. I called the store again. After calling several times, the phone was connected. I was told that the express delivery had lost the package and that they could send me a new one immediately.
Although I was very angry, because I needed the computer urgently, I didn’t say much to the seller and just sent it to me immediately.
As a result, I called the next day and asked, has it been shipped?
The seller said it hasn't happened yet and it will be shipped in the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon and the seller said that it would be shipped after 5 or 6 pm. However, when I called at 7 pm, no one answered the phone.
I called again on the morning of the third day and asked if the goods had been shipped.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said that they had not shipped it and told me that if I was in a hurry, he would order it from another store. If I could wait, it would be shipped in the afternoon.
There is no other way. It takes a long time to place an order from other stores.
I can only ask the seller to ship the goods quickly.
Finally, after countless phone calls, I received the computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don’t know because I bought it for someone else. I’ll comment on it later.
I just bought it and haven’t used it a few times in the past six months. Now it has a bad contact. Can it be repaired?
Because I have a desktop computer, I haven’t used it a few times since I bought it.
I just carry it in my bag for business trips and use it a few times.
Recently I found that when the power is turned on, it does not charge. I need to hold the connection between the charger and the cable with my hands left and right a few times before it can be charged.
I suspect there is poor contact at the interface. I wonder if it can still be repaired now?
It is strongly recommended that Amazon stop EMS!
The product is five stars, the logistics is one star, and the average is three stars.
I don’t understand why Amazon sends EMS. It’s recognized in the industry as unreliable. Well, computers are valuable items after all!
The order after purchase showed that it was expected to be delivered on the 20th, so my family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to ship from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
On the morning of the 22nd, I checked the logistics and finally arrived in Fuzhou. I was ready to receive the goods happily. However, when I checked the logistics at night without receiving any calls or text messages, I found that it was signed for at noon, and it even showed that I signed for it!
I was shocked instantly!
who I am? Where am I? Did I really buy this computer?
I just doubt that life is okay!
Finally, I went to the collection point to move the computer back.
The specific reason is simply because the courier boy reversed the two tracking numbers. Fortunately, the package was not lost.
I strongly recommend that Amazon stop using EMS. If Amazon uses EMS to send express delivery in the future, I will definitely not buy anything again.
The goods are pretty good
First of all, I have to say that I found out that the price has been reduced just a few days after I bought it. I have a bad review. This book is pretty good and cost-effective. The CPU and graphics card are enough to handle mainstream online games and quite a few large stand-alone machines. The heat dissipation is very good, but the screen leaks a little (IPS screen). Common problem), the sound quality is not very good, and the hard drive is not good (it is recommended to spend some money to add a solid state). Yesterday, I took it to the after-sales service to check the hardware. There are no problems. The built-in win8.1 is not easy to use. It is recommended to upgrade to 10. The seller shipped the goods quickly and answered all inquiries quickly. The invoice arrived the next day after receiving the computer. It was good, but unfortunately there were no gifts.
(By the way, when buying a keyboard film, be sure not to buy it from a store called E Cool Digital Center in a certain store. The delivery is slow and the quality is poor. If the product has problems, it will not be returned or exchanged. The boss is also full of swear words, so I want to expose it.)
Things are good, but platform bureaucracy remains the same
The quality of the hard drive is very good, and the price-performance ratio is absolutely high. It is cheaper than buying it in Hong Kong. If you are not in a hurry to use it and can tolerate the logistics, I definitely recommend buying it.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same. It has not improved from a few years ago when I swore I would never use it. You can never check the actual logistics status. Information will always be delivered a few weeks later. You can never complain. That’s it. bureaucracy!
It has been a few days since I received the goods. The logistics information is that you will receive the goods in 10 days!
Logistics is not easy
It arrived like this. Not only was the packaging flattened, but the electrical packaging was also opened. I don’t know if the packaging has been adjusted.
FYI
I haven't tried it yet, but I always trust Philips. I hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
I checked online and found that it might be a common problem caused by water damage, and there is no warranty.
depressed!
Now wrap it in plastic wrap and continue to use it. I wonder how long it will last?
Bought one that someone else had opened
It is true that the tax of more than 100 yuan for a machine worth more than 300 yuan is relatively high. Now that it costs more than 600 yuan, I feel more balanced.
When I received it, the sealing tape looked very wrong. It looked like it had been opened. I quickly took a photo, and sure enough, it opened as soon as it was torn. After opening, the cardboard inside was still damaged. I was worried that someone else had returned it. I haven't seen it yet. When it was the anniversary, I quickly tried it on my husband, but the result was that the machine had no power at all. Fortunately, there was no stubble in the blade. How could I have gone all the way back?
It is unknown whether it is easy to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term. As mentioned in the previous review, it is indeed unreliable to ship something when it is out of stock!
Experience is average to above average
It’s almost a top-notch electric brush with many different modes for cleaning teeth, but few people will brush it with different modes every day.
I haven't had any problems after using it for half a year. I brush it every day and flush it every Monday.
Brush head accessories are also cheap to buy on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use. Apart from changing the color, other seemingly compatibility issues are due to the overseas version?
I hope to learn Dafa.
Very cost-effective
Have used it 3-4 times.
1. The packaging is intact.
2. Very simple to use and easy to clean.
3. You can DIY your haircut and save money.
All in all, a very successful purchase.
There are fakes
I bought two packs last time, and they were actually two different versions. Originally, the words on the lower left corner of the pack were green, but one pack turned out to be white. As a result, the cat got diarrhea after eating it.
I'm not sure whether Amazon's source of goods is fake or whether the goods were packaged by employees during delivery.
I will buy it again. If it is still a fake, I will hold you accountable.
It's a horizontal bar!
There are slashes on the Amazon picture, but the one sent to me has horizontal bars. Isn’t this a lie?
The effect is okay
Cats love to eat, that’s the point.
It does work.
Tight, narrow, binding the feet and grinding the instep.
Not recommended.
1.UN is the most comfortable series from Clarks, but unfortunately this one is too bad.
Additional: Today I compared the previous UN series insoles (I threw away the insoles and kept them for use). The material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before. It is just fake and soft.
2. My instep is not very high, and the injured area is about 3 cm forward from the highest point of my instep.
3. I bought three pairs of Clarks overseas, but only one pair is suitable.
I was so scared that I deleted all the music from my favorites.
I'll try rockport later, but if it doesn't work I have to go to the ecco store.
Shoddy goods, poor quality control
First of all, it is worthy of recognition that Prime Overseas Shopping Ups is very powerful. The order placed on the 31st was received on the 6th.
The color of the shoes is much prettier than the picture, and the leather feels good.
The shoe size is a little larger, 25 feet long, 10.5 wide, 7.5W, a little loose on the upper foot, but I usually like to wear looser shoes, so a pair of insoles are just right.
Secondly, the quality control of these shoes is really unflattering. The sole rubber of one shoe is damaged, and the upper of the other shoe has various scratches and a pinhole. The rubber strips at the connection between the upper and the sole are misplaced. They are obviously shoddy. !
A little regretful!
I bought it for 280 yuan for an event. It is quite a bargain to buy ASICS at this price. Of course, there are lower prices based on the reviews.
Now let’s talk about the shoes. Advantages: The shoes are very light, very comfortable for running, and fit well without being loose.
They have great looks, but their shortcomings are also obvious: I usually wear 40 shoes, and this time I bought 40.5 shoes. There is about a thumb's distance from the front of the shoes when I put them in, but this doesn't affect anything.
This shoe is very "narrow" and although there is still some space in the front, it feels tight.
Another point is that the shoes may not be very breathable, and my feet feel very hot when I wear them now.
Press the instep
First of all, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are very standard. I have running shoes UK7.5, EU41.5, leather shoes UK6.5, and I have bought several pairs of Aibu from Amazon. They have never had a bad fit, but I bought this pair based on the reviews. No. uk7, the length is obviously too long after putting on the foot because it is one size larger. However, because the insole is too thick, it still presses hard on the back of the foot. In addition, the hiking shoe is very hard, which makes it very uncomfortable to put on the foot.
If your feet are not particularly thin, I don’t recommend buying this.
If you must buy it, replacing the insoles can also solve the problem, but the original insoles look very high-end, so it would be a pity not to use them.
A very perfect purchase!
I am very satisfied and like it very much. There is no doubt that the products purchased overseas on Amazon are genuine products. The quality is also very good. They are of high quality and low price. You can buy with confidence. The after-sales service is very considerate. The customer service attitude is very kind and kind. They handle the problem patiently and efficiently. It perfectly solves the worries. It is fully equipped. The door-to-door express delivery is very convenient and reliable. The delivery master is very considerate of customers and will remind you to pick up the goods from the express cabinet in time every time. Thank you Amazon for providing customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.
In short, our whole family loves shopping overseas on Amazon!
Absolutely bad review!
I am really speechless about this agency and Amazon.
You should still be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon in the future.
Although it has been a long time, I still want to complain.
I bought it at a flash sale in the winter for less than 200. I kept it at home for a few months without use.
When I wanted to use it in the spring, I found that I couldn't connect to the bracelet. The instructions for both devices stated that they supported each other. Later I found out that it was probably a problem with the heart rate monitor, because I found other devices and still couldn't connect.
I called Amazon and asked me to contact the agency. The agency asked me to send the device to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
Nearly half a month later, the items were sent back intact. Even the express box was the same one I used to send it!
There is no reply, receipt or test report!
You can at least tell me whether it is good or bad!
I called and asked, and they were told that sending it back this way meant that there was no problem with the equipment and it was good.
But I still can't connect. The agency replied: That's none of their business.
I'm unlucky, I'm too lazy to be bothered by you for something worth 200 yuan.
The goods are seriously wrong.
Very wrong product.
The headband material is very good.
Much better than Nike.
Breathability is also very good.
Just the cap on the front.
Very fine.
Are you here to make fun of me? !
Completely blocked from sunlight.
Not returning it because it functions well as a headband.
Even if you wear it upward, it won't block the sun.
But it’s different from other headband styles.
Save it for later use.
The product quality is good, Amazon lacks the spirit of contract, and the delivery person is very good.
I request delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's regulations cannot deliver on Saturdays and Sundays.
It made me drive 200 kilometers from other places to come back to pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The delivery guy was very positive and enthusiastic.
Give it a like!
Product, I tried it briefly and it was pretty good.
But I haven’t bought similar products before, so I can’t compare prices!
Size logistics
The workmanship is okay, but the logistics is too slow. In the past, all shoes were sold by DHL, but this time Apex is really... I have bought many UA in China, and the prices are not low. I feel that they are of a higher quality than NIKE ADIDAS?
In fact, they are all the same, so I shop overseas.
Size: I am 176cm tall, 68kg, I have broad shoulders and most clothes are 180cm. I bought M, the hem is a little long, and other things fit me just fine. I think there are recommendations for size S. Is the figure so slender? Still like it tight? I think the hoodie is better if it is looser.
Just the right size
Bust size 99, height 184, weight 84 kg. Before purchasing, I consulted customer service and was told that I should buy the xxl size. Then I read the reviews and decided to buy the L size. After receiving the goods, I found that the size was just right, and I almost got scammed.
Prices on Double Eleven are much more expensive than Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The most affordable product problem is troublesome!
The order was placed on the 18th and the goods were received on the 25th. The speed from Guangzhou to Beijing was snail's pace!
I bought the most affordable product. The description told me that there were scratches, but when I received the product, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!
The child was unwilling to return the product, thinking that the problem was not big, but the child's grandfather went to several nearby hardware stores and couldn't buy it for small parts like accessories!
Grandpa finally glued it on!
It seems that I can no longer buy the most affordable products in the future!
Toy processing quality is poor
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, and it is very difficult to install the bolts. This shows that the processing quality is not good, and I don't know how long it will last. Because it was promised to the child, I will not return it.
Other reviews said that installation was effortless. Is it only the one I bought that had the problem?
Very average
Could it be that I'm just unlucky?
The packaging is extremely old; the workmanship is mediocre; there is only one kind of music and it is only 8 seconds long and then repeated; the action is just shaking your head and walking forward without any change.
Not worth the price.
If it is needed urgently, there will be no returns.
The quality of the toy is good, but I have to complain about the packaging.
I received the express delivery yesterday. I bought it from Amazon and it was marked as EMS delivery. Finally, it was delivered by Tmall Express. How many turns did it take? Do Amazon and Tmall have a good relationship?
Let’s talk about the packaging. It is wrapped in several layers of plastic wrap. There is not even a plastic bubble wrap inside. When I open it, all the parts are placed in an empty box. Fortunately, the toy is of good quality and there are no broken parts. , but it is much smaller than expected. Because it does not have a battery, it often derails when pushed by hand. It feels that the gaps on both sides of the track are too large and the design is unreasonable.
Good quality and fun
It’s very fun, the components are very precise, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is almost the same as Lego, and the price is very favorable when doing activities.
The assembling process is quite interesting. I do it and my 5-year-old son plays with it. It’s great.
He laughed out loud when he played with it. He will probably continue to buy toys from this brand in the future.
New machine, good overseas shopping
I checked it out during Christmas. The one I bought before was 150 yuan more expensive, but the delivery is a little slower now.
The machine is pretty good and quite new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then if you connect the Poké Ball, a Mew will be given to you.
It plays well and is more portable than ps4.
I already bought Zelda and am waiting for the game to try again.
They produce lousy goods, sell lousy goods, and get lousy services. I bought six watches for my children. One of the watches had incomplete digit display, and the time on the six watches was inconsistent, ranging from more than ten hours.
I contacted the manufacturer and asked if the time of the watch was checked when it was put into storage. They replied "yes". If it is, then why is the time so different? It must be that the watch is not accurate. Simply put, it is a parallel import product, not what I said. It sounds ugly, but look at it. It has obvious quality problems (the digital display is not complete) and is being sold. Is it junk?
I contacted the seller, who gave a lot of reasons and complained that I shouldn’t have bought their products in the first place. With such products, such sellers, and such after-sales services, who would dare to buy things on Amazon in the future.
In short, I recommend not to buy anything from this seller, it is just rubbish.
Amazon shipping issues
After receiving the goods, I inspected and found:
1. The packaging of the watch is seriously worn.
2. The instruction manual has serious wrinkles from use.
3. The watch does not run, the desk lamp cannot be used while charging, and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately. You can only mail to the United States at your own expense, and the postage will be paid later.
The reason for 5.2 points is that the customer service is pretty good.
I can only say it's okay
The time is not very accurate. It is about one second faster every day. It has been faster than two minutes after only using it for a few months.
I have used a Citizen before, and it feels like it won’t lose a few seconds in a year or two.
The perpetual calendar function is pretty good, but the chronograph function is a bit useless and is rarely used. Occasionally, it enters the chronograph mode by mistake.
solar sports watch
Advantages: With solar charging, you don’t have to worry about replacing batteries, it has world time, multiple alarms and hourly reminders.
Disadvantages: The mirror surface is easily scratched and dust enters.
Cost-effectiveness: The domestic general price is between 220-300, and it can be purchased overseas for more than 180 (it takes about 1 week).
Very satisfied with the watch
It must be genuine. I went to the counter to inspect the goods. The appearance of the watch is very beautiful, the workmanship is fine, and the materials are sufficient. In addition, it has an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight. Those so-called mechanical watches that cost 300 or 400 yuan cannot. Comparatively, this is the real deal.
The timekeeping of the watch is very accurate, and the error is completely within the acceptable range. There is a jewelry appraisal certificate in the packaging of the watch. The 12 characters on the dial are real diamonds. This is very suitable for wearing by yourself, and it is also very dignified to give as a gift.
Bentley watches are really good.
Worst shopping experience ever
My wife dropped her cell phone on the night of September 23. On a whim, she immediately went to Amazon and ordered an 8p. It was in stock, but it was not self-operated and there was no price increase (I was secretly happy). Since the delivery of non-self-operated products is slower, the system showed that it was expected to be the latest. Delivery will be on September 27th.
My wife was miserable without a mobile phone, so she called me around 6 a.m. the next morning to think of a solution. Then I went to JD.com and saw that the 256G was in stock and could be delivered on the same day, so I had to order another one immediately.
After I bought the new one, I thought about canceling the Amazon order immediately.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it was impossible to collect the express in the early morning. I called customer service at around 7 o'clock and asked to cancel the order. The customer service replied that it had been canceled and please wait for the SMS notification.
Well, I waited patiently. At noon, I checked on my mobile phone and saw that the order was still in the status of not being shipped. I immediately contacted customer service and asked to cancel the order as soon as possible. The customer service responded that the operation was OK.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I checked my phone and saw that the order was still there. I had no choice but to contact customer service again and clearly informed them that it was the third time. Please cancel the order and inform the seller not to ship!
The customer service contacted the seller on the spot at my request and told me that the seller was not familiar with the system and had to wait until he was familiar with the system before canceling the order.
But I was told clearly that the seller already knew about it and would never ship it, so don’t worry.
When I looked at the order display on Monday, it had been shipped. I was speechless.
Since I couldn't contact the seller directly, I had to call customer service again.
The subsequent processing was almost speechless. I basically said one step and the customer service took the next step.
The order is still in the status of delivery rejection so far and is being prepared for delivery again!
Wouldn’t Amazon take the initiative to follow up?
It doesn’t matter that the seller’s company took the money anyway and didn’t follow up.
To sum up, we will never pay in advance for large items in the future. This is too troublesome.
looks wonderful
I have taken a fancy to this camera a long time ago, but due to other reasons besides the price, I didn’t buy it. This time I bought it because of the free shipping and the price was okay.
After buying it, there are no other problems, but when the software is connected, it cannot be connected. My home is a TP router. After checking online, I found that many people have this problem. It took more than two hours to make various changes. Finally, I used 360WIFI as a medium to set up the router. During this period, I called Xiaomi customer service. They had no solution to this problem and directly asked me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another point worth noting is that I saw comments from users on the Internet that the minimum memory card supported by this camera is 8G, and it cannot be recognized if the memory card is smaller. I hope everyone will pay attention to this.
It feels okay to use, and the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is very poor, and the machine generates a certain degree of heat. If it is turned on all the time, this level of heat is a bit unacceptable.
To sum up, this product still has many shortcomings. I hope everyone will be careful when buying it.
The reason why I gave it 3 stars is because I bought this for my first love of my life. We dated for almost 3 years, and then he left me last year. He has been with me ever since.
The reason why I gave it 3 stars is because I bought this for my first love. I don’t know how much it has been used now. Maybe I threw it away!
We dated her for almost 3 years, and then she left me last year. Even now, when I think of her, I feel heartbroken and want to leave this world. The first woman in my life brought me a lifetime of shadow and heartache, and so far I haven’t. Can come out.
When I bought this mobile phone, I thought about how the two of them felt at the time. They could still share the joys and sorrows together, but now it is unbearable to look back. Life may be like this. Some people don’t want to encounter it in their whole life, and there are some things they don’t want to know in their whole life. But what? What's the solution?
How many times have I thought of her when I saw this Samsung mobile phone, and the pain has filled my body. I have never been willing to use a mobile phone worth more than 2,000 yuan, but when I bought it for her, I did not hesitate. , no matter how kind you are to someone, but one day when she changes her heart, all the oaths of friendship will disappear.
Best among domestic brands
Huawei is a premium product among domestic products.
Low-key CEOs and companies rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business culture of relying on advertising to increase visibility!
It is simply impossible for an enterprise without strength to do this, and it would not dare to do so!
It is precisely because of this that I chose Huawei.
I have been using it for more than half a year since I bought it, and it always feels good, very good.
The reason why I didn't give it full marks is because once when I was using its offline navigation, the positioning phenomenon occurred. I didn't find out the reason in the end. Other times, it was fine.
Moreover, it can enter the destination online and automatically design the route after searching. After leaving the wifi and setting off, its automatic offline navigation function is very practical. There is no need to run traffic. It directly talks to the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation, which is very good!
Good luck to Sony
This low-end phone from Sony still has a full sense of design, is cheap, has a big enough screen, and has great battery life, so it is very suitable for the elderly.
Although a long time has passed, there is still nothing wrong with the machine.
But because my Z2 was decentralized, this phone also completed its mission.
