Diego Cocca becomes new national coach of Mexico
In the summer of 2026, Mexico will host the World Cup together with the USA and Canada, with 48 teams for the first time. Cocca is taking over from Gerardo Martino, whose contract was not extended after the early exit from the World Cup in Qatar. The 50-year-old was not one of the favourites for the position until a few days ago. He only took over as coach of the Mexican club Tigres in November. His surprising appointment as national coach caused anger in the club.
Geesthacht: New garden signs should encourage replanting
Franko Stein (FD Umwelt, left) and Friedhelm Ringe (Nabu) are putting up the plant labels in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone.
The "Geesthacht blüht auf" (Geesthacht is blooming) campaign also includes information about what is currently blooming there - currently in the colors white and pink.
Geesthacht. "Geesthacht is blooming" is an action by Nabu in cooperation with the city administration. Since 2015, thousands of flower bulbs and plants have been planted in the ground with the help of many volunteers from clubs, schools, kindergartens, companies, and institutions. The goal: large areas of flower islands should be created in the Geesthachter city area, where insects can find food at all times. "In favorable weather conditions, the bees fly out in January to look for food," says Friedhelm Ringe from the Geesthachter Nabu. He himself has beehives on the property.
In order for this project not to remain just an action by nature conservationists and the city's environmental department, but to extend to private gardens, explanatory signs are being placed next to the plants. There are now about 50 signs. Passers-by should be able to find out in this way what is currently blooming here. The hope is that hobby gardeners will plant them at home.
The season started at Wildhasel in the first week of January
More recent additions to the flower beds in the pedestrian zone are shrubs such as Winterduftheckenkirsche and Winterschneeball. They have been in the soil of the pots on Bergedorer Straße for a year now, showing their first delicate flowers in white and pink without leaves. They have recently been provided with additional signs. "The Winterduftheckenkirsche is a very broad-leaved shrub and can grow between two and three meters high and wide," it reads there, along with other information about the suitable location.
Friedhelm Ringe emphasizes that not only the garden plants are now showing flowers. In the first week of January, the wild hazel was already in season. It blooms particularly abundantly on the Richtweg at the slope, in the Gutenbergstraße, Wilhelm-Holert-Straße, Fahrendofer Weg and many other places.
Ernestine is 102 years old: "Stepping keeps me young"
Munich - Dance god Fred Astaire would certainly be proud of them if he looked down from heaven at Munich's Ostbahnhof!
Every Monday, three ladies meet at the "Mandolin Motion Show Academy" at 3 p.m. to dance the lively step dance - together they are an incredible 277 years old, pardon young!
The oldest of them is Ernestine Stauchner, who recently celebrated her 102nd birthday.
For the native of Munich (January 15, 1921) from the Schwanthaler Höh" the Monday is the highlight of the week. "Dancing and stepping is my life, I can't imagine living without it".
With Ernestine, Eva-Maria Stolze (almost 97) and Elfriede Widmann (79) are also swinging their dance legs.
The 97-year-old was born in Jena (Thuringia) in 1926. She was a soubrette, today we would say a musical actress, and worked with the legendary Marika Rökk. "I have spent my life dancing, acting and singing".
At 79 years old, Elfriede Widmann is something of a newcomer in the group of stepptänzerinnen. She says: "We just have fun here with our dance teacher Sissy Engl".
Wikipedia: The tap dance was developed in the 19th century in the USA and is now known all over the world. With two metal plates, which are more durable than the wooden soles initially used, attached to the front and back of the shoes, rhythmic sounds are produced when dancing, which match the visual impression and the music. The dancer thus also becomes a percussion musician. The English term for this is tap dance and the French term is claquettes. The Spanish flamenco may have influenced the tap dance. The tips of the shoes are nailed so that they produce a clearly audible sound when dancing.
The 77-year-old Sissi Engl is the soul of the dance studio at Ostbahnhof. She is an actress, dancer and choreographer. "We are a big family, where big and small, old and young are welcome".
And what is the recipe for such a long life? "Movement keeps me young," says the 102-year-old to BILD. Her advice to everyone: "Sport, healthy eating and no alcohol."
Analog in dialogue - The limits of the digital
As digitalisation progresses, some people are rediscovering the joys of analog
The speed with which our everyday life has become digital has left us little time to establish rules for dealing with it and to adapt our communication and working methods to it, says DNN columnist Claudia Muntschick.
Dresden. If you wanted to make a phone call in Bautzen in 1985, there were three options. Either you were one of the six percent of lucky people who had a private connection. Or you were one of those who had someone from this exclusive group in the neighborhood and could call your relatives there for a bottle of Radeberger. Or you had to look for a phone booth. The smell of the plastic earpiece and the sound of the coins in the machine are unforgettable. My biggest dream was to be able to see the other person's face when calling - video telephony, I thought, what a great thing that would be!
How to proceed in Moldova? 14 days for a new government
In Moldova (also: Moldova), President Maia Sandu has tasked former Interior Minister Dorin Recean with forming the government.
The 48-year-old economic expert now has 14 days to do so. Recean was previously one of the president's advisors.
After only a year and a half in office, Prime Minister Natalia Gavrilita resigned unexpectedly. The pro-European head of government was under massive pressure, as she herself announced as the reason for her resignation - apparently, she was opposed by pro-Russian forces.
The president thanked Gavrilita for their "enormous sacrifices".
Moldova is a neighboring country of Ukraine and is suffering from the economic consequences of the war. Inflation is over 40 percent and the small republic has taken in tens of thousands of refugees from Ukraine.
In the parliament in Chisinau, the pro-European party PAS (Party of Action and Solidarity), founded by President Sandu, has a comfortable majority, as it occupies 63 of 101 seats. The confirmation of the new head of government and his cabinet should therefore not be a problem.
However, pro-European politicians have lost popularity in Moldova in recent months, while pro-Russian politicians have become more popular with support from the Kremlin.
These were the costumes of the celebrities
In 2023, Veitshöchheim will celebrate properly again. The 5th season is in full swing and the celebrities were not hard to convince.
The state's father Markus Söder did not appear as Moses, as his costume might suggest. He sees himself more as the elder of the Bavarian tribe. His wife Karin Baumüller-Söder was by his side.
Bavaria's Minister for the Environment and Consumer Protection, Thorsten Glauber, has chosen the children's hero Chase from Paw Patrol for his costume.
From the depths of the sea to Franconia came Minister of Justice Georg Eisenreich with his wife Anja.
Completely out of this world: The Minister for Science and Art, Markus Blume, is heading into space.
Ilse Aigner, the President of the State Parliament, chose none other than "Mama Bavaria" as a role model for her costume.
In peace and love mode: Bavaria's Minister of Health Klaus Holetschek with his wife Birgit.
Bob the Builder alias Bauminister Christian Bernreiter with his wife Ann-Kathrin Jandt-Bernreiter as Wendy.
Bavaria's golden boy: Finance Minister Albert Füracker with his wife Evelyne. She wore silver.
He even plays the sheriff at carnival: Bavaria's Minister of the Interior Joachim Herrmann.
On the road: Economics Minister Hubert Aiwanger pays tribute to the crafts with his costume. His partner Tanja Schweiger, district administrator of the Regensburg district, does the same.
The political opposition could not be missing, of course.
Everything for Bavaria: Green Party Fraction Leader Katharina Schulze as Bavaria and her Co-Leader Ludwig Hartmann as the Bavarian Lion.
The SPD parliamentary group leader is keen on hiking: Florian von Brunn with the SPD state chairman Ronja Endres.
Royal it was for FDP parliamentary group leader Martin Hagen. He and his wife Anisha came as Harry and Meghan.
Otherwise, he certainly speaks more. In Veitshöchheim, the chairman of the parliamentary group in the EU Parliament, Manfred Weber, was on his way as a pantomime.
If politics no longer work out, he can always do magic. Nuremberg's OB Marcus König as Harry Potter and his wife Anke as Hermione.
On the move as a bee: Bavaria's Digital Minister Judith Gerlach.
Back to the 1920s: the legal director of the BR, Eva Majuntke, the BR director Katja Wildermuth and the BR cultural program director Björn Wilhelm.
A small side-swipe against the climate activists from the Franconian Tatort detective Sebastian Fleischer played by Alexander Leopold Schadt.
The First Mayor of Veitshöchheim could not be missing either. Jürgen Götz and his wife Julia.
Oberhof: Kühn eighth in the World Cup sprint
Bö continued his impressive series despite difficult conditions and also won the sixth sprint race of the season. The five-time Olympic champion has now collected 14 world titles and is catching up to his compatriot Ole Einar Björndalen. The biathlon icon, who is on site as a TV expert, is the undisputed record champion with 20 world gold medals. Even heavy fog did not prevent the perennial winner Bö from collecting his second gold at the Rennsteig. On Wednesday, it was already enough to successfully defend the title with Norway's mixed relay team.
Hardly anyone doubts that the third hunting race will follow. In the pursuit, Bö is once again the clear favorite. His running form is outstanding, so he can compensate for shooting errors to a certain extent in a frighteningly simple way.
Meanwhile, nothing went right for Doll. After the veteran had missed all chances of a medal in the mixed relay with a penalty lap and had only finished in sixth place, things did not go any better three days later. Three penalty laps in the prone shooting and two more standing were a big disappointment for the oldest member of the German team, who had celebrated the biggest success of his career in this discipline in 2017.
In Hochfilzen, he won six years ago with a surprising 0.7 second lead over Bö. It was one of only three career successes for Doll, who has so far stood on the podium once this winter. The eighth-placed finisher from Beijing Olympic Games left wordlessly after his weak performance and initially gave no interviews. Roman Rees managed to finish in 19th place, the second World Cup debutant David Zobel finished in 35th place.
Biden receives Lula: "We must stand up for democracy"
At a meeting between US President Joe Biden and his counterpart from Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, the focus is primarily on the value of democracy. Both look back at their predecessors.
US President Joe Biden emphasized the importance of maintaining democratic values during a visit to his Brazilian counterpart Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
"The strong democracy of our two nations was put to the test," Biden said on Friday at the White House in Washington. "We must continue to stand up for democracy, for the democratic values that are at the core of our strength." Lula responded with a reference to his right-wing predecessor Jair Bolsonaro: "Brazil has been isolated for four years."
The left-wing politician Lula had prevailed in a runoff against Bolsonaro at the end of October. Lula took office on January 1. The change of power was accompanied by severe riots. Bolsonaro's supporters had stormed the Congress, the Supreme Court, and the government headquarters in the capital Brasília in January. The outbreak of violence in Brazil is a grim reminder of the storming of the US Capitol just over two years ago, when supporters of then-President Donald Trump violently entered the parliament in Washington.
Lula criticized Bolsonaro openly at the meeting with Biden. His predecessor did not care much about international relations. "His world began and ended with fake news, morning, afternoon, and evening," said Lula. "That sounds familiar to me," Biden replied - an obvious reference to his predecessor Trump.
Short note on the press - the Friday
Does anyone remember the RAF wanted posters? They showed the members of the Red Army Fraction who were released for denunciation and shooting.
In a country with a culture of denunciation, which existed before Corona, public opinion was created against the most dangerous opponents of the Federal Republic; let's say the bourgeois democracy, let's say the late capitalist society. (Here there is nothing about the really dangerous ones in a suit and tie.)
Now the Stuttgarter Zeitung, which is usually more interested in Raudis on the S-Bahn or onanists in the park, is publishing a new edition with Putin's friends, the "war criminals". Because they are so beautiful, there is a picture gallery. Of course, the StZ is poorly informed, because there are more "Russian friends" in this world, which includes Asia, Africa and Latin America, than the StZ has space for pictures.
But that's not the point, but: On places 1 to 5 (!) is Mrs Wagenknecht, then comes Mrs Schwarzer.
Well, I don't know anyone in my area who reads this paper anymore. If there is, it's high time now. We've reached the well-known level where there's nothing underneath it.
And now, at the latest, in a good dialectical way, Mrs Wagenknecht should be the most popular politician of all the not yet completely brainwashed, i.e. peace-loving, pacifist and anti-militarist people. (And here no differentiation is needed anymore.)
Harald Glööckler files for divorce from his husband Dieter Schroth
Designer Harald Glööckler (57) and his partner Dieter Schroth (74) have separated. This was confirmed by Glööckler's lawyer Christian-Oliver Moser to the "Bild" newspaper and RTL in the same wording. It says: "I can confirm that my client has filed an application for the dissolution of his civil partnership with his family lawyer at the relevant court. I am not commenting on the details".
Glööckler and his partner Schroth were together for 35 years, rumors of a separation have been circulating for about a year. After his participation in the Jungle Camp, the fashion designer is said to have already moved from their shared house in the Palatinate to Berlin, according to various media reports. He also spoke about marital problems on the RTL show.
SS massacres in Oradour-sur-Glane: Last survivor dead
In the destroyed village northwest of Limoges, whose ruins have been preserved, a memorial center was established in 1999. France's President Emmanuel Macron had honored Hébras with the national Order of Merit a year ago. Hébras had fought for freedom and defended the values of France, said Macron. In addition, he had contributed to Franco-German peace. The survivor had, among other things, advocated for Franco-German youth exchanges.
A neighborhood for 14 houses: In Homeien, everyone knows everyone
LZ-Series North Lippische Weiler: In Homeien, it is not uncommon for three or four generations to live under one roof. Here, residents find pure idyll. In the summer, up to 300 motorcycles per day speed along the winding route between Niedermeien and Hillentrup - and some even turn back immediately.
Deutsche Bank CEO Christian Sewing considers further interest rate hikes to be "absolutely" necessary in the fight against the high inflation rate. "The inflationary risks are still high. The cost of energy can easily rise again, and the opening of China can also give prices a temporary boost," Sewing told the "Welt am Sonntag".
The European Central Bank (ECB) raised interest rates in the euro area for the fifth time in a row in early February and announced another increase of 0.5 percentage points for the meeting on March 16. The key interest rate in the euro area is now 3.0 percent. The deposit rate, which commercial banks receive when they park money at the ECB, is 2.5 percent.
Higher interest rates make loans more expensive. This can curb demand and thus counteract high inflation rates. Higher loan interest rates can also lead to investments being postponed and thus weaker economic growth.
Rising interest rates are also a burden for highly indebted euro states such as Italy. "The consequences of permanently high inflation are much more serious than the higher financing costs for some countries," said Sewing. "Of course, we have to keep an eye on that, but a high level of debt must not prevent the ECB from acting consistently."
The ECB aims for price stability in the euro area in the medium term, with an inflation rate of two percent. This target has been far from reach for months. In January, inflationary pressure weakened again, but consumer prices in the currency area of the now 20 countries were 8.5 percent above the level of the previous year.
Higher inflation rates erode the purchasing power of consumers, as they can afford less for a euro. Sharply rising energy prices, which are a major driver of inflation, are also a burden for companies.
If inflation remains high, private consumption will "collapse sooner or later," warned Sewing, who is also president of the Federal Association of German Banks (BdB). "I see that as the biggest danger for the German economy at the moment. But I am optimistic that we can avoid this scenario."
Bosch CEO Stefan Hartung hopes for a broad debate on the "Germany speed" called for by Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) in infrastructure projects. "There will have to be a political and social dialogue about it. And it may be a bit more controversial," he told the German Press Agency in Stuttgart. He hopes that in the end a set of rules will emerge that will not necessarily have to be as fast as the LNG terminals that came into operation at the turn of the year - but also not as slow as before.
In mid-December, after ten months of planning and construction, the first German terminal for the import of liquefied natural gas (LNG) was opened. The aim was to close the gap in the gas supply due to the lack of Russian gas deliveries. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) spoke of a new "German speed" on this occasion. In addition, the German government has recently initiated a speeding up of the approval procedures for wind turbines and power lines.
"First of all, it is very reassuring that the government acts so quickly when it matters. However, this should not automatically mean that we will always act so categorically and, for example, put a wind turbine in our neighbor's garden against his will," said Hartung. Therefore, there must still be a negotiation process to determine what is right and wrong in society.
In the past, we tried to do it with the classic set of rules and failed. "We should think again about whether the previous approach was really the right one. Maybe we have overdone it with the set of rules and made it too complicated for ourselves."
In view of the many open tasks, such as the expansion of power lines, he does not envy the federal government and the companies involved, said Hartung. "As a consumer of these energies, I absolutely need the expansion and it should be as green as possible".
Trade union warns against the break-up of the Bayer group
The IG BCE chemical workers' union warns of a break-up of the Bayer group after a change of leadership was announced. "From the employees' point of view, Bayer is exactly right with its three legs for the challenges of the future," said Francesco Grioli, a member of the union's board and Bayer's supervisory board, to the "Rheinischen Post" (Saturday edition).
This refers to the pharmaceutical business with prescription drugs, the consumer health sector with over-the-counter medicines, and the agricultural business. "The transformation of the industry can only be managed with a corporate policy based on risk diversification and sustainability - and not on hedge fund activism."
The background is the change of leadership announced on Thursday at the pharmaceutical and agrochemical company. The controversial CEO Werner Baumann will step down from his post this summer. The former head of pharmaceuticals at the Swiss rival Roche, Bill Anderson, is set to take over in early June.
Baumann has been under criticism for a long time. The acquisition of the US seed producer Monsanto for 63 billion dollars, which was completed in 2018, is still haunting the manager. With the purchase, the Leverkusen-based company got itself into expensive legal disputes about the alleged cancer risks of the herbicide glyphosate. The Bayer share was in a downward spiral for years. In 2019, the shareholders even refused to grant the CEO discharge at the annual general meeting.
It had been known for some time that Baumann was not seeking an extension of his contract, which was actually supposed to run until 2024. Long-term oriented strategic investors had been putting pressure. Recently, several activist Anglo-Saxon investors such as Bluebell Capital had also become involved. According to a media report, Bluebell is pushing for a split of the company.
The very small fund with an unknown level of participation in Bayer is known for an aggressive approach. A spin-off of the Consumer Health division would be a possible way to increase the company's value, said Markus Manns, fund manager at Union Investment, to the "Rheinischen Post". However, he does not believe that a spin-off of the much larger Crop Science agricultural division is feasible.
Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against pension reform
Paris
The French want to take to the streets again on Saturday to protest against the planned pension reform.
The government's plans are met with a united protest on the streets by the trade unions. Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against the pension reform again on Saturday.
In France, hundreds of thousands of people are expected to demonstrate nationwide again on Saturday against the planned pension reform by President Emmanuel Macron. For the fourth time, the trade unions are mobilizing against the plans of the center-right government to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64 years. Twice already, over a million people took to the streets and there were nationwide strikes. Last Tuesday, 750,000 participants were counted at protests. A turbulent debate on the controversial reform has been going on in parliament for a week.
Already now, many people in France work longer than until the age of 62, if they have not paid in long enough for a pension without deductions when they reach retirement age. In many demanding professions, people could hardly work longer, say the opponents of the reform. In addition, employees want to be able to enjoy their well-deserved pension and not completely wear out their health at work.
Macron: Threatening deficit in pension fund
Macron justifies the reform with a looming deficit in the pension fund. Because the population is getting older, employees would have to pay for an increasing number of retirees. In order to keep the amount of the pension stable, the population would have to work a little more. Critics doubt the government's calculations and demand that the state must find other sources of money to keep the pension system in balance.
However, the government wants to tighten things up not only at retirement age. The increase in the necessary contribution period for a full pension, which was already decided years ago, is to be accelerated. In addition, individual pension systems with privileges for certain professional groups are to be abolished. The minimum pension is to rise to around 1200 euros.
The pension reform is considered one of the most important projects of President Macron. During the Corona pandemic, a first attempt to implement the reform was abandoned, even then there were massive protests and strikes. Already several presidents before Macron tried to reform the French pension system with varying degrees of success - broad protests and strikes were certain.
Since Macron's camp no longer has an absolute majority in parliament, it hopes to push through the reform with the help of the conservative Républicains, who have announced their support. However, some of the deputies - even from Macron's own party - still have reservations. And even greater than the fear of a close vote at the moment may be Macron's concern about paralyzing strikes. Before the renewed demonstrations on Saturday, the president said he could count on the responsibility of the organizers so that they would proceed calmly and not lead to a blockade of the country.
Quiet weather expected - lots of sun in high altitudes
A powerful high-pressure area is located over Central Europe and determines the weather in Germany. Does that mean that there will be a lot of sunshine everywhere?
Offenbach
In Germany, calm high pressure weather is expected at least until the middle of the week. "When you look at the weather maps, a powerful high pressure area directly over Central Europe immediately catches the eye," explains meteorologist Markus Übel from the German Weather Service on Saturday in Offenbach. "Although this high pressure area will shift slightly to the east over the course of the next week, it will continue to dominate the weather in Germany."
However, calm high pressure weather in winter does not necessarily mean sunny weather, says Übel. "Such a high can even be quite mean and give people in the lowlands a dull fog for days, while in the highlands of the mid-mountains there is pure sunshine."
Sunday starts foggy and cloudy in most regions. According to the DWD, it may also rain from the Erzgebirge and the Thuringian Forest to Lower Bavaria. Especially on the edge of the Alps, but also in the southwest and parts of the west, the cloud cover clears up during the day and the sun appears more frequently. In the rest of the country, it remains heavily overcast or covered in high fog. Temperatures reach 4 to 9 degrees, and around 10 degrees near the Rhine.
"On Monday, the gradually strengthening sun will nibble away at the high fog and will be able to dissolve it more and more over the course of the day," says the meteorologist. Sunshine is expected all day long on the edge of the Alps, in the highlands of the Central Uplands and in parts of North Rhine-Westphalia. Elsewhere, it will have to fight its way through the high fog. The highest temperatures are between 5 and 9 degrees, 11 degrees are expected on the Lower Rhine, but only 3 degrees are expected in the permanent gray of the southeast. In addition, there is weak wind from different directions.
On Tuesday, there may be only a slow clearing of fog or low clouds in some areas. Otherwise, the weather will be clear after the fog has cleared. In high altitudes, in large parts of NRW and on the Alpine edge, the sun is expected to shine all day. Temperatures will rise to 5 to 11 degrees depending on the amount of sunshine.
Dominatorin struggles: No more World Cup medals for Goggia
The beaten top favorite Sofia Goggia showed herself to be deeply disappointed after her exit in the downhill of the Alpine Ski World Championships.
Méribel
"I am sad because I did not perform to the level I can," said the Italian in ZDF, after she had been knocked out after scoring a goal. At least the 30-year-old was able to prevent a potentially serious fall.
Goggia has been the dominant downhill skier in the World Cup for years. She has won four of the six season races in this discipline so far. After winning gold in 2018 in Pyeongchang, she won silver at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing. However, Goggia, who is known for her risky driving style, will have to wait for a World Cup medal in her specialty. She missed her home race in Cortina d'Ampezzo two years ago due to injury.
"I actually thought I was doing well. It was about hundredths of a second," said Goggia after the surprising victory of Swiss Jasmine Flury in Méribel, France. "I am disappointed. I gave it my all. But that's life." Sometimes you believe things are guaranteed, she said about the medal that was expected by all experts and ultimately missed: "But they are not."
Missing girl in Berlin: Who has seen Viktoriya?
Viktoriya Stankovych has been missing since February 10.
Viktoriya Stankovych was last seen on Friday at the S-Bahnhof Waidmannslust. The police are asking for information about her whereabouts.
Berlin. With the publication of a photo, the Berlin police are asking the public for help in searching for a missing child. The 12-year-old Viktoriya Stankovych is said to have left the grounds of her school together with other children at 12.30 p.m. on February 10, 2023, heading towards the S-Bahnhof Waidmannslust. She was last seen there at the S-Bahnhof. The child has been a refugee in Berlin since April 2022 and has only very limited German language and local knowledge.
Physical description: slim build
brown eyes
Black, long hair with a ponytail
dressed in a long, black jacket; dark pants; pink ankle boots and a striped scarf
is carrying a backpack
The Criminal Police of Police Directorate 1 (North) can be contacted on the number (030) 4664 - 171 100 or any other police station.
Zelenskyy and ministers against Russia's participation in the Olympics
Kiev. With the demand for the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris, sports politicians from 35 nations have increased the pressure on the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
It was agreed at a joint telephone conference to draft a statement to prevent attempts to send athletes from Russia and Belarus back to international sports competitions, the Lithuanian Ministry of Sports announced on its website.
"We demand the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from all international competitions, including the Olympic Games, as long as the war in Ukraine continues," said Minister Jurgita Šiugždinienė.
The video consultation took place at the initiative of Great Britain. It was a very productive meeting, wrote the British Minister of Sport Lucy Frazer on Twitter. "And I made the position of Great Britain very clear: As long as Putin continues his barbaric war, Russia and Belarus cannot be represented at the Olympic Games. We will now issue a joint statement on this topic".
Previously, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy had protested against the participation of athletes from Russia and Belarus in international competitions at an international video conference of sports ministers and other high-ranking representatives. "While Russia kills and terrorizes, representatives of this terrorist state have no place in sports and Olympic competitions," said Zelenskyy. He published his speech on his Telegram channel. Due to the Russian war of aggression, a neutral flag is ultimately also stained with blood and not wearable.
Ukraine threatens with boycott
Ukraine also sees Belarus as a party to the war, because the country provides military bases for attacks by Russian troops. Zelenskyy called on officials to work to protect the Olympic principles and prevent the admission of Russian athletes to the competitions. The president also renewed his criticism of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), which he said has "unfortunately lost its honesty".
The reason for the conference was the IOC's announcement that it wants to allow athletes from Russia and Belarus to participate in international competitions under certain conditions. Ukraine is also threatening a boycott if the IOC allows the athletes.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior also takes a position
The Federal Ministry of the Interior, which is responsible for sports, stated afterwards that it had also reaffirmed during the consultations that it would reject the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes in Paris. "In our view, there is no reason to invite Russian and Belarusian athletes to return to competition. The Ukrainian athletes must continue to receive the full solidarity and support of the international sports community. The IOC's attempt to reinstate Russian and Belarusian athletes is the wrong way," a spokesperson for the Ministry of the Interior said in response to a dpa inquiry.
Interior Minister Nancy Faeser (SPD) had already emphasized at the end of January: "Sport should be clear in its condemnation of the brutal war that Putin is waging against the Ukrainian civilian population. Major sporting events do not take place in a vacuum." Russia, on the other hand, emphasizes that sport and politics should be kept separate.
Currently, Russia and Belarus are excluded from many international sports competitions. However, the IOC is striving for a return of athletes from both countries to the international sports stage under a neutral flag, provided they clearly commit to the Olympic Charter and do not actively support the war in Ukraine. IOC President Thomas Bach recently stated that an exclusion "because of a passport or place of birth" would violate the prohibition of discrimination.
Report it where it happens
"Hey, great ass!" shouting after the woman in the tight sexy costume and calling out suggestive remarks: All of this falls under the term "Catcalling". Behind the term lies nothing less than a form of verbal sexual harassment in public spaces.
Half of the vehicles lost? : USA see Moscow's tank stock greatly depleted
Half of the vehicles lost? The US sees Moscow's tank stocks severely depleted
The Pentagon estimates that Russia has lost a significant number of tanks in Ukraine since the war began, referring to "half of the main stock".
The Russian army has already lost half of its battle tanks in its war of aggression against Ukraine, according to estimates by the US Department of Defense. "Probably half of the main stock of tanks" of the Russian army "has been destroyed or confiscated by Ukraine," said Celeste Wallander, Secretary of State for International Security Affairs at the US Department of Defense.
Wallander did not provide any further details about the number of tanks seized and destroyed by the US at an online event of the think tank Center for a New American Security.
Ukraine is expected to receive battle tanks from several Western allies in the coming weeks. Great Britain has promised Kiev the delivery of Challenger-2 battle tanks for March. Germany wants to deliver a battalion of Leopard-2 tanks to Ukraine in a coalition with other states by April. The USA has also promised a battalion of 31 Abrams battle tanks. However, their delivery is expected to take much longer.
Russia wants to follow up
In response to Western military aid, former Kremlin chief Dmitri Medvedev promised the construction and modernization of thousands of tanks. "As we know, our enemy abroad has begged for planes, missiles, tanks," said Medvedev, who is now the deputy head of the Russian Security Council, during a visit to a tank factory in the Siberian city of Omsk. "It is clear that in this case it is natural for us to increase the production of various types of weapons and military technology - including modern tanks."
Since last summer, a law has been in force in Russia that allows for a stronger alignment of the economy with the needs of the army. This means that individual sectors can be obliged to supply the armed forces.
Controversy over the appointment of a post in the army
Because the post that the former director of the Heeresgeschichtlichen Museum (HGM) Christian Ortner will occupy in the future was not advertised. The personnel representative of the Academy Herwig Jedlaucnik suspects post corruption and abuse of office. Defense Minister Klaudia Tanner (ÖVP) defends the procedure.
A tender is not necessary because the appointment is for a previously unfilled position, said the minister. She did not want to comment on "speculations from a liberal personnel representative". Ortner was replaced at the head of the HGM last year after 17 years. In addition to criticism of the museum's handling of Austria's military past, he was confronted with serious allegations of mobbing. These have been cleared up in Tanner's view.
Jedlaucnik also doubts the substantive suitability of Ortners. This person is an expert on the First World War and the wars of the monarchy, but the institute deals with current issues of security policy.
The SPÖ demands that Tanner provide clarification about the "unusual ordering process". The decision is tainted by the "appearance of post office corruption", says SPÖ defense spokesman Robert Laimer. The Neos demand that Tanner withdraw the appointment. The ÖVP is "still up to its neck in the corruption swamp", said Douglas Hoyos, spokesman for national defense. He announced a parliamentary inquiry on the topic.
Carnival: First fools go down on their knees before costs
Thuringia's carnival stronghold, Wasungen, wants to hold on to the traditional carnival parade, unlike the state capital. However, the higher costs, including for security, are difficult to manage in Wasungen, says carnival president Marcel Kißling. The funds alone for this make up about half of the calculated total costs for the parade.
In Brandenburg, there are no carnival parades. The "Zug der fröhlichen Leute" in Cottbus, which is probably once again the largest in East Germany, is taking place for the first time after the pandemic. No parades were cancelled during the Swabian-Alemannic Carnival either.
Despite the rising costs, the traditional parade in Marne, Schleswig-Holstein's carnival stronghold, is being held. "We are carrying out our event," says the president of the carnival society, Heiko Claußen. But even here, financial worries are pressing: If more sponsors are not found or the existing ones do not contribute more, reserves would have to be tapped - "this cannot be done every year". The current deficit: about 200,000 euros.
And inflation: There has been a price increase of up to 60 percent for sweets, says Elvira Reuther from the Nuremberg Carnival Association. Due to luck in misfortune, too much was ordered in 2020, which is why there is still enough stock this time. However, it is already certain that it will be more expensive for the parade. Twice as much staff will be needed for security as in 2020.
Anyone standing on the side of the road in the Rhineland during the Carnival parade might get fewer sweets than before. Because sweets have become more expensive, some parade participants do not have as much with them. Sweets or not, the visitor traffic is likely to be high: "I believe that if it does not rain buckets on that day, we can definitely expect an increased influx of people," says the Cologne parade leader Holger Kirsch. "This is due to the fact that two years ago there was no regular Carnival parade. The parade is, of course, irreplaceable."
The festival committee in Cologne does not go into detail about the costs. However, the train is generally "in deficit", that is no secret.
The Ukraine Diary: Dreams and homemade vodka
Ukrainians are not without reason considered to be hard drinkers. There is local beer such as Obolon from Kiev or beer from Lviv. From time to time I discover German beer here. Not Kulmbacher, but other large breweries such as Krombacher or Warsteiner. I can't really tell a big difference in taste. The same goes for vodka, which is very popular. They distill it here mainly in the villages themselves. They call it Samargon. No one knows exactly how much of it is consumed in the former Soviet republics. In Russia, the Minister of Health claimed a few years ago that consumption had fallen by an astounding 80 percent in five years. Well, you can see here how little you can trust the Russians. It is said that as a tourist you should be careful with it. But that only applies if you buy it in large quantities. Then it is probably adulterated.
FC Hansa Rostock rewards itself for high effort: "Match luck on our side"
Food and drink
If you want to celebrate the weekend with cocktails or have a beer after work, you will find great places to do so in Rostock and Warnemünde. The restaurant scene offers many locations for after-work meetings or the pre-party for club parties. Where is it best? A look at the Google reviews shows it.
Biathlon World Championships: Federal President sees favourite win and praises Oberhof
Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his wife Elke Büdenbender will be welcomed to the arena by master chimney sweep Tobias Böttger and the Oberhofer mascot "Flocke"
Oberhof. The German biathletes had nothing to do with the medal ceremony at the World Cup sprint in Oberhof. However, there were two bright spots in the fog.
No matter how hard the Federal President tried, it was not possible to see from the VIP stand on Saturday whether the targets on the shooting range were actually falling. "I had to get the results on my phone," said Frank-Walter Steinmeier with a smile, referring to the clouds of fog that repeatedly drifted into the stadium, which greatly impaired the view of the Rennsteig for the spectators.
Steinmeier still enjoyed the visit to the 10 km sprint race at the Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof, receiving numerous tips from the Olympic champions Frank Ullrich and Peter Sendel: "Since the Olympic Games in South Korea, when Laura Dahlmeier won gold in the first race, I have been fascinated by biathlon," he revealed, and also praised Oberhof for its modernized sports facilities: "The completely renovated arena is great and offers ideal conditions. The athletes also say this - with thanks to those who have been working on this since the World Championships were awarded here." In terms of sustainability, the location is now "one step ahead" of many others and is therefore "secure for the next few years and even decades".
The Norwegian Johannes Thingnes Bö once again outpaced the competition in the sporting event. Despite a penalty lap after a missed shot, he secured his sixth victory in the sixth sprint of the winter in 23:21.7 minutes - and thus his second world title in Oberhof. Behind him, his brother Tarjei (14.8 seconds behind) and Sturla Holm Lägreid (1 penalty lap/39.9 seconds) as well as Johannes Dale (1/43.6) made the Norwegian quadruple victory perfect.
The local ski hunters were unable to join the fight for the medals a day after Denise Herrmann-Wicks' triumph. Johannes Kühn, after a shooting error and with a deficit of 1:04.8 minutes, took the eighth place as the best German. WM-Debütant Justus Strelow shot flawlessly and became twelfth (1:14.6). Two bright spots behind the gray veil. In contrast, Benedikt Doll disappointed again. After his botched mixed effort on Wednesday, the Schwarzwälder left five targets this time and disappeared as 55th, deeply disappointed and without comment, into the locker room.
Bö went into the race with the number 1 in front of 14,300 spectators and manifested this status despite the complicated visibility conditions. However: On his last two standing shots, he had the luck of the skilled; they landed on the edge of the discs and still fell. The 29-year-old then enjoyed the award ceremony together with his five-year-older brother: "It's the best feeling to stand here with him," said the world champion: "We are the best family, the best brothers, the best athletes."
There is hardly any doubt that the Norwegians will also dominate the pursuit on Sunday. In the women's race, however, German hopes rest on Hermann-Wick. "If you start as number one, the goal is not to come in tenth. There is only full gas and attack to defend the number one," said sports director Felix Bitterling, putting his "locomotive" to the test. The organizers expect a nearly sold-out arena for the double event (13.25 and 15.30 hours/ZDF and Eurosport live).
Brych dislikes the "swarm of bees" on the pitch
Felix Brych - Referee Felix Brych decides on the referee's ball.
Players who start aggressively or coaches who complain? Germany's referees want to "consistently punish" unsporting behavior. Referee chief Fröhlich points to a role model function.
German top referee Felix Brych has identified negative trends in the way players interact on the pitch. "I do think that there are new behaviours from the players, who surround the referee like a swarm of bees after decisions and try to push him into the review area," the 47-year-old told the German Press Agency. "We discussed this during the winter break. We decided that we do not want to accept such unsporting behaviour. We will pay more attention to this again - and will also sanction it."
Recently, two coaches were also given red cards. Mainz coach Bo Svensson saw the red card in the cup defeat against FC Bayern. For Freiburg coach Christian Streich, there was a yellow-red card in the league defeat in Dortmund. "The coach's behavior also falls into the area of unsporting behavior. We have noticed that unsporting behavior has increased in this area, that the behavior towards referees has become a bit more demanding or aggressive. We also want to consistently punish such unsporting behavior," said Brych.
DFB referee chief Lutz Michael Fröhlich pointed out a generally good relationship between coaches and referees. "Overall, the relationship is good. There are reactions, followed by consistent counter-reactions. The person concerned has to live with that. That shouldn't be anything world-shattering," Fröhlich told the German Press Agency.
"Emotions can certainly lead to conflicts during the course of a game. But if the emotions spill over into personal insults, then one must also accept that the corresponding measures will be taken by the referee," said Fröhlich. In recent cases, the parties involved have cleared things up afterwards. "The important thing would be if a process of rethinking were to get underway overall, that such behavior is simply not acceptable," said Fröhlich on the sidelines of an event of the Association of German Sports Journalists in Munich.
The 65-year-old pointed out possible effects at a different level. "Of course, incidents from professional football always have an impact. There is a role model effect, which results in imitation. In the most recent cases in the Bundesliga, the referees have consistently reacted to negative behavior," said Fröhlich. "Regardless of the consistent interpretation of the rules in the game, a clarifying conversation, with an exchange of perspectives between the referees and those affected, is always helpful."
Combiner Oftebro wins in Schonach
The victory was secured by the Norwegian Jens Luraas Oftebro after a jump from the normal hill and the ten-kilometer cross-country skiing race, ahead of the Austrian overall leader Johannes Lamparter. Third place went to Kristjan Ilves from Estonia.
The German combined skiers are not competing in their best line-up in the Black Forest. Beijing Olympic champion Vinzenz Geiger, Eric Frenzel and Johannes Rydzek are not there. They are preparing for the World Championships with training in Oberstdorf, which will take place in Planica, Slovenia, from February 21 to March 5. "We have three world-class athletes at home. The team is of course aware of this," said national coach Hermann Weinbuch in ZDF.
Seven lightly injured after a rear-end collision on the A5
Seven people were slightly injured in an accident involving four vehicles on the A5 motorway near Hemsbach (Rhein-Neckar district), including two children. According to a police statement, the accident occurred on Saturday when a car driver hit a car from behind during a slight traffic jam and pushed it onto two other cars. The complete closure of the lanes in the direction of Heidelberg was lifted after about an hour and a half.
Finissage at the Marl Sculpture Museum
The exhibition was initiated by Sebastian Freytag (left) and Georg Elben (right), who are standing in front of the wall painting by artist Christian Freudenberger.
On Sunday, February 12, an unusual exhibition will end at the Marl Sculpture Museum. For the finale, there will be some extras.
The closing event for the exhibition "Wandgebunden" will take place on Sunday, February 12, at 3 p.m. in the temporary quarters of the Marl Sculpture Museum in Georg-Herwegh-Straße 63-67. In three exhibition rooms, two large-format wall paintings each draw attention to themselves.
After the exhibition, the walls will be painted over and the artworks will disappear. However, a catalogue documents the works created specifically for the Marler Museum. It will be presented by the two curators, Georg Elben and Sebastian Freytag, on February 12.
For the final exhibition, Dr. Friederike Schuler will also give a lecture on wall-bound art in the service of the community. Using numerous examples, she will present the special features of wall painting from the Weimar Republic and ask about the connections to this art form in the Federal Republic, with a focus on NRW from the 1950s to the 1970s.
Dr. Friederike Schuler is a freelance art historian and curator and in 2013 she earned her doctorate on the wall paintings of the Weimar Republic. Since then she has been researching architectural art as well as the history of art and institutions in post-war Germany, most recently together with Sebastian Freytag on art in public buildings in NRW. After the lecture, the last curator's tour of the exhibition will take place. The artists are on site.
Arrest warrants after building collapses in Turkey
It is about structural defects that have contributed to the collapse of buildings: In the Turkish earthquake region, the judiciary has issued arrest warrants against dozens of suspects.
Istanbul. In the south of Turkey, dozens of arrest warrants have been issued for possible construction defects after buildings collapsed during the earthquake. In the city of Diyarbakir, arrest warrants have been issued against 33 people, reported the state news agency Anadolu on Saturday, citing prosecutors. The defendants are allegedly responsible for construction defects that contributed to the collapse of the buildings.
According to Anadolu, the public prosecutor's office in Adana is also investigating possible construction defects in collapsed buildings. So far, 62 arrest warrants have been issued in the course of these investigations. One of the suspects was reportedly arrested at the airport in Istanbul. He allegedly tried to travel to Montenegro with cash and is now in pretrial detention, Anadolu reported. Nine other people were reportedly arrested in the cities of Sanliurfa and Osmaniye.
Early Monday morning, a 7.7 magnitude earthquake devastated the Turkish-Syrian border region, followed by another 7.6 magnitude earthquake in the afternoon. More than 7,500 buildings collapsed in Turkey alone.
Hans Modrow, the penultimate Prime Minister of the GDR, has died
Hans Modrow is dead, as the Left Fraction in the Bundestag announced. The 95-year-old died in the night to Saturday. Fraction Chairman Dietmar Bartsch praised the former SED functionary and later PDS and Left politician as a "deeply sincere socialist".
Last night, "Hans Modrow passed away at the age of 95", the Left Party in the Bundestag announced on Saturday. The party is losing "an important personality", said the party leader Dietmar Bartsch and the former party leader Gregor Gysi.
In the 1970s, Hans Modrow became the 1st Secretary of the SED District Leadership in Dresden. As Prime Minister, he accompanied the end of the GDR. Just four days after the fall of the Berlin Wall, on November 13, 1989, he became the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the GDR - for about 150 days. In the Volkskammer elections on March 18, 1990, the SED/PDS lost power and Modrow a month later his office. He was succeeded as the last Prime Minister of the GDR until reunification by the CDU politician Lothar de Maizière.
The chairman of the Left Party, Dietmar Bartsch, described Modrow in a message on the short message service Twitter as a "deeply sincere and combative socialist". Bartsch added:
"He was an important advisor in our party until his old age, and his wisdom will be missed."
"The entire peaceful course of the reunification of Germany was precisely his special merit. This will remain his political legacy," wrote Bartsch and Gysi in their obituary.
"His later work in the Volkskammer, in the Bundestag, in the European Parliament and as honorary chairman of the PDS always consisted of representing even those parts of the former East German population who were not wanted and whose interests were regularly violated."
After reunification, Modrow sat in the German Bundestag for the PDS from 1990 to 1994 and represented them in the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
According to a report by the German Press Agency (dpa), Modrow saw the new state as "quite critical". German unity had been achieved too quickly, the GDR had disappeared too unconditionally, and it had been condemned too one-sidedly as a "state of injustice", Modrow criticized in many interviews, according to dpa.
What happened in the night
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy condemns Russian missile attacks. Meanwhile, Kiev must carry out repairs to the power grid.
Kiev - The latest wave of Russian missile attacks is once again forcing repairs to the Ukrainian energy grid. However, Ukraine is also attacking Russian positions. Several thermal and hydroelectric power plants have been damaged, said the head of the energy supplier Ukrenerho, Volodymyr Kudryzkyj, on Friday evening on Ukrainian television. The situation with the power supply in the Kharkiv region is particularly bad. Due to the instability in the Ukrainian power grid, a reactor block at the Chmelnyzkyj nuclear power plant had to be shut down, and production was curtailed at the Rivne and Southern Ukraine nuclear power plants.
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy condemned the Russian attack with about 100 rockets and missiles on Friday as terrorism. In a video message, however, he reported to his fellow countrymen how much support Ukraine had received on his trip to London, Paris, and Brussels this week.
Selenskyj does not want to abandon the small town of Bachmut
On February 24, it will have been a year since the war began. US President Joe Biden announced a visit to the important Ukraine supporter Poland shortly before the anniversary. The danger from Russian missile attacks continued into the night on Saturday. In the capital Kiev, the air alarm was triggered for the fifth time on this day late on Friday evening. "An attack with drones is imminent," the military administration of the Kiev region reported. Combat drones of Iranian design were also spotted and shot down over the Mykolajiw and Odessa regions in the south.
Deutsche Bahn: The federal government selects consultants for the network company
Demands from the FDP and the Greens during the election campaign to separate it failed due to the SPD coalition partner. In the coalition agreement, a compromise was reached on an infrastructure company, which, however, should be oriented towards the common good in the future. This means that it does not need to generate and distribute profits.
80 billion euros in backlog of renovations
The two consulting firms are to help the federal government to accompany this process. The backlog in the repair of the railway network is a major reason why the railway is currently running very late. Transport Minister Wissing has made it his mission to eliminate this deficiency by completely renovating entire railway corridors. The investments necessary for this have so far been estimated at 50 billion euros. However, according to recent calculations by the railway, they are more likely to be up to 80 billion euros.
Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof 2023 - Gold for Denise Herrmann-Wick: "Can someone pinch me, please?"
The external circumstances apparently did not speak for Herrmann-Wick. She said she had slept poorly, was "totally excited", and her pulse had not come down even when she entered the race. "What a race", and that at the home World Cup, "you can't describe it with words", she said. 11,000 spectators cheered to the thumping Schlager music with German flags, coaches and team members hugged each other.
"Enjoy biathlon", that was her plan
The pressure was particularly high for Herrmann-Wick. The 34-year-old had started the World Championships as the biggest, if not the only, German medal hope outside of the relay teams. Herrmann-Wick has won two World Cups this winter as the only German. She is currently in fifth place in the overall World Cup. And even if the performance density among women at the top is significantly higher than among men, where only Johannes Thingnes Bø and his Norwegians are currently dominating, one had other names on the list for this sprint victory.
Criticism of the government - Bishop in Nicaragua sentenced to 26 years in prison
The bishop is a prominent critic of the left-leaning head of state. He accuses Ortega of suppressing religious freedom. Relations between the Nicaraguan government and the Catholic Church have been strained since 2018. At that time, demonstrators who demanded Ortega's resignation found refuge in churches. More than 350 people died in the protests in 2018. Thousands of people left the Central American country in the following years, often out of fear of repression or arrest. President Ortega accuses the Catholic clergy of conspiring with the US government to overthrow him.
Bundeswehr: The arms industry is demanding more orders from the special fund
The first defense projects have already been canceled, and others are threatened with the same fate, as reported by "Welt am Sonntag". However, it is currently not possible to say which investments would be specifically cut. "There is no need to assign specific procurement measures to a potential need for savings at this time," says a response from the German government to a question from Bundestag member Ingo Gädechens (CDU).
The background to the falling investment sum is the rising interest rates. The fully credit-financed special fund, which the Bundestag had decided on in June 2022, must bear the interest burden for the loans itself. If these rise, there is less money available for the specific acquisitions for the Bundeswehr. In addition, the current high inflation is reducing the purchasing power of the remaining sum.
Kupferzell: Accident with 3 Injured
On the night from Friday to Saturday (10.02.-11.02.), at 01.40 a.m., a 24-year-old BMW driver, coming from Kupferzell, wanted to turn left onto the motorway towards Heilbronn at the motorway exit Kupferzell. At this time, a 21-year-old VW driver was driving on the B 19 towards Künzelsau, the police reported. During the BMW driver's turning maneuver, a collision occurred between the two vehicles.
Both parties involved in the accident stated that the traffic light system installed at the accident site showed "green" for them. An inspection of the traffic light system revealed no faults. Further investigations are to follow. In the accident, the 24-year-old, the 21-year-old, and the passenger in the BMW were each slightly injured. They had to be taken to a hospital. The two cars sustained a total of approximately 20,000 euros in damage.
Schlossplatz Stuttgart remembers the victims of the earthquake disaster
Many people in Stuttgart followed the call of the Ditib mosque community in Feuerbach on Friday evening
Tens of thousands of people have died in the earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria. There is great sympathy - also in Stuttgart.
The earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria has occupied the world. More than 200 people gathered on the Schlossplatz in Stuttgart on Friday evening to remember the victims and pray for them.
Many members of the community followed the call of the Ditib Mosque in Feuerbach, young and old, women and men. They all listened to the Imam's prayer seriously and silently. In the prayer, the Imam asked Allah for help for the people in the affected areas, so that they could also overcome this disaster. He asked for health, protection from plagues, and for respectful treatment of one another. The community also asked for assistance and strength, "to bring our help to the areas affected by the earthquake".
Ditib stands by the side of the people in Turkey and Syria. The speakers expressed their sympathy for the victims and their families, who numbered more than 22,000 at the time of the memorial event. The prayers were also translated into German on the castle square.
The solidarity of Muslims in Germany with the earthquake victims in the Turkish-Syrian border area is great. The donation campaign of the German Islamic Association Turkish-Islamic Union (Ditib) has already collected several million euros.
The Alevi community in Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt collected donations of goods in Glockenstraße over several days, which are to be transported by truck to the earthquake regions. The willingness to help was overwhelming there too.
Hiking with a meat insert - Ebersberg
"After eating, you should rest or take a thousand steps".... The older generation knows this saying, the younger generation simply puts it into practice. In any case, in the years of the pandemic, the good old digestive walk has experienced an unforeseen renaissance. Because those who, thanks to home office, are not sitting in the middle of a stone desert, but rather only a stone's throw away from fields, forests and meadows, now use the lunch break either after the quick snack in front of the screen or as a substitute for a walk in the fresh air. At least, this impression could be gained around the Egglburger See, where not only dog owners are around between 12 and 14 o'clock.
One reason could of course also be that modern people, as a result of optimal time slot use, can combine the health-promoting supply of fresh air with other things. After all, why not find out about the latest news from the settlement from the neighbour you haven't seen for a long time while taking a short walk through nature? Or meet up with the friend you never manage to go to the cinema with, not even to the old cinema? In this way, work and private life could also be combined - who says that the appointment with the tax consultant, lawyer or investment advisor cannot take place outdoors? Provided there are no eavesdroppers nearby, of course.
What else can be done well is the acquisition of natural products. Fresh fruit, for example, which stands next to cheese on a table by the side of the road. Or potatoes and meat. It's just a shame if you haven't thought about the purchase in advance and made the necessary arrangements. So an older couple in Hinteregglburg leaves the wooden sales room of the farmer with empty hands and regret in their voice. "It's a shame, we unfortunately forgot the money".
The disappointment is palpable, as one has a companion with a wallet, but not a transport container. This also shows the friendly acquaintance. The man responds: "But that's not true! You do have a bag with you!" He points to the hood of the jacket, which one quickly put on before leaving the house, even though the sunshine makes an additional head covering unnecessary. "My wife always packs everything in there!"
And so it happens that you set off on the return journey with a meat filling and on this midday excursion you have not only gained a lamb's back, but also an extremely practical idea. It is quite possible that a second walk will be due on this day - after dinner. This time, in fact, for digestion.
Trapped and seriously injured
Around 9 p.m., the 25-year-old drove his Audi on the county road towards Hailfingen and, for reasons that are still unclear, veered off the road to the right in a left-hand curve, according to the police report. In the process, the Audi damaged a traffic sign, collided laterally with a tree and came to a stop a few meters away. The collision trapped the driver in his car. The fire department freed him with heavy equipment. The emergency services took the seriously injured person to a hospital. Since there was a suspicion of driving under the influence, a blood sample was taken. According to the police report, the Audi suffered total damage amounting to 1,000 euros.
Donald Trump's tax returns: a point for the rule of law
The US Department of Justice has decided: The tax authority must hand over the former president's tax returns to the parliament.
Trump 2018, still in office as President of the United States
The Finance Ministry must instruct the IRS tax authority to release the confidential documents to the Finance and Tax Committee, the ministry's decision on Friday said.
Contrary to political customs in the USA, the real estate entrepreneur Trump did not make his tax return public either as a candidate or later as president. He fought against its release all the way to the Supreme Court. A prosecutor's office in New York has now received the documents, but no details could be made public from them - unless a trial takes place.
The release to Congress is probably more sensitive for Trump: There, the circle of those with access is slightly larger and under certain conditions, individual details could be published during the course of the committee's investigation. In addition, confidential information is also constantly leaking from the parliament.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, immediately welcomed the decision as a "victory for the rule of law". Access to the Republican's tax records is a matter of national security, she wrote on Twitter. "The American people deserve to know the facts about his conflicts of interest and his erosion of our security as president," Pelosi explained.
Cabaret in the Bastion: Life plays out between birth and death
Kirchheim. Pasta or pizza? Samsung or Apple? Which mobile phone contract with so many offers? Stay or leave? Either - or? As slaves of time, people today rush from one appointment to the next and sometimes just push people and hamburgers in between. Lucy van Kuhl shows in her new program that the "in between" state has something exciting.
Lucy van Kuhl tells and sings about situations from life in a humorous and thoughtful way. In her sensitive chansons and crisply pointed cabaret songs, she gets to the point - and there is also something between the lines. It starts on Saturday, February 18, at 8:30 p.m. in the Kirchheimer Club Bastion.
British heavy criminal caught in Thailand after a long flight
London - After five years on the run, a convicted drug offender from Great Britain has been caught in Thailand. As the British National Crime Agency (NCA) announced on Saturday, the man was arrested on Friday by Thai police in a car workshop in Bangkok. The 55-year-old was on the "Most Wanted" list of the most wanted criminals by the NCA.
The leader of a criminal group fled in early 2018 before the start of a trial in which he was sentenced to 11 years in prison in absentia for attempting to import amphetamines worth eight million pounds (nine million euros).
Encounters at the church table
Bielefeld
What is served remains a secret in advance. Because people should primarily come to the Vesper Church to meet others, not because something specific is on the menu. This Sunday is the start, then the Neustadt Marien Church will be a dining hall for two weeks.
Cabaret - Stories from the Big Apple
Vince Ebert has a mission: The trained physicist from Lower Franconia, who has been living in Vienna for three years and, according to his own admission, loves Viennese humor, advocates for science in his cabaret programs. The programmatic title of his current solo, "Make Science Great Again," fits in well with this. Whether this fits in well with the generally prevailing domestic skepticism towards science is another matter. His humor, however, fits in very well in Vienna.
The English title is also derived from Ebert's recent life story, as he tried to establish himself as a stand-up comedian in New York for a year in 2019. Now he is back and he tells his German-speaking audience not only about his experiences overseas, but he also explains what Wissenaft actually is and what it can do - and what it cannot do. Of course, Corona comes up, but also German thoroughness in the toilet and American engineering.
And he breaks it down to the most important question that many put off: What is really important? All of this with a huge wink, unexcited and very ironic. And so not only are you entertained, but you can also learn something.
Please go for typing... it doesn't take long, doesn't hurt and can save many people's lives.
My phone rings with an unknown number. I answer. This woman is the honest finder of her purse.
The Nordcon team continues: "In contrast to our old location, we now have very few stairs.
MdB Pfeiffer calls climate protection a substitute religion. It may even be true, because I love this planet and its civilization more than any abstract god
Ten firefighters and two police officers were injured, some seriously, in the explosion.
I can dismiss it all as harmless quirkiness. You don't do that to children.
It's good that city politics has recognized the advantages for decades and never questions them.
Peace and security in times of change? On Monday, May 15 at 6:00 p.m., the Solidarity Church, the Peace Plenum, and the Evangelical City Academy invite you to a lecture and discussion event at the Evangelical College on the topic of "Peace and security in times of change?"
I really don't understand why they don't hold these events on Sunday. Or not in the city.
What is the #Bahn not doing to drive customers away and further ruin its image!?
Genius how well #LuisaNeubauer puts it. We need people like her. Thank you Luisa!
Microtransactions in Diablo IV: Blizzard reveals details and prices of monetization <URL> #DiabloIV #ActivisionBlizzard
After the political crisis and new elections in 2020, politicians of all colors are traveling to Germany for the first time together (!).
I'm curious who I will meet there and who I will get to know there ;-)
Party colleague Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer eleven, just like the Ministry of Education under Anja Karliczek, she is also a CDU minister.
So this is really nothing new, it's like that with every electronic ticket. Checkin/checkout is a different house number.
Certainly no reason to do anything about the tax evasion of 150 billion euros per year in Germany alone.
Is anyone playing #wortify and found the word with all the letters today? If so, please let me know, it's driving me crazy.
I haven't written anything for a long time, the search for a suitable job has taken up all my resources for a long time.
Dunja #Hayali will moderate the #AktuelleSportstudio for the last time on Saturday: <URL>
If the city establishes these cycling routes in the secondary network, he is against it again. Can this man ever make up his mind?
I actually wanted to grab my camera and go for a walk. What's going on? It's raining.
After a serious accident or other traumatic event, those affected are often in shock. How can you help someone who is in shock?
Digital exclusion: a new form of discrimination - The whole documentary
For me: I always need a bottle of water on my bed. If there is more in the bottle, I usually don't drink it at all or only two or three sips.
This is the third nationwide warning strike: 50 railway and transport companies want to strike again from Sunday to Tuesday next week.
I only ever get #voice messages from a very good friend. So I make myself a coffee, light a cigarette and listen. It's always very entertaining. He's the only one who's allowed to do that.
Tomorrow I can finally hand in my computer for repair and then the prospects are quite good that I can start working again sometime in June. Hey, at least there is a prospect!
The plenary is called upon to follow this idea; this principle must also be enshrined in the #CyberResilienceAct and the #ProductLiabilityDirective.
Disposable or reusable? The Environmental Protection Agency recommends reusable, while Lidl uses a disposable system. However, other factors also come into play, such as short transport distances.
The EVP group in the EU Parliament wants to undermine central components of the EU Commission's Green Deal, such as the pesticide regulation and the renaturation law.
Software problems: Polestar delays production start and reduces staff - <URL>
Tomorrow I have the day off because there is no need for any signage on the trailer and there is not so much urgent work to do. A Friday that deserves its name!
I bought everything from System Matters, I just prefer PDFs. Currently, I am working on the Black Sword Hack.
Dear readers, dear followers, if so, how much does it cost? Are there any special conditions? If not, is such a variant still planned? Thank you very much!
A new episode of Hasophonie: "The Illusion of Justice. How we harm ourselves and others."
And anyone who can't understand the panic of the people is reading too few @IPCC_CH@twitter.com reports.
A microphone, energy-efficient and inspired by nature
A British research group is using 3D printing to develop biomimetic sound recording systems. The technology is based on the senses of the small wax moth.
This was preceded by fierce political disputes, including on the general Eastern policy of Willy Brandt (SPD).
I'm not really an elephant fan myself, but maybe there are a few fans here.
What I wanted to say. I'm happy to answer any question if I can answer it.
10 years ago I read "Biohacking - Gentechnik aus der Garage". A cool and exciting book.
There are farmers in #Ukraine who own more Russian tanks.
It's a Thursday, but this time it's a normal #Jazz concert, which is taking place tonight at the #Jazzhaus #Heidelberg.
I want an orange network card! What color do you have or want?
The preventive examination as a significant point of reference for the passing of time.
How detached and contemptuous can one actually be? If someone has a heart attack in the evening at the end of the month, they should please stay at home until the account is replenished or the family doctor is available? I am already looking forward to the debate on this motion! Health Minister Lauterbach, on the other hand.
Several firefighters and police officers were seriously injured in an explosion in #Ratingen. According to @rponline-Ticker & NRW-IM Reul, there are vague indications that the man was mentally close to Corona deniers. He was wanted on a warrant.
Specifically from one star: the sun, its protuberances, but above all how much of the energy that comes from it to us we let in and get rid of again, and at what level.
All jokes are made
And we laughed a lot. The sound fades away quietly
On the way home. The applause sounds strange. Who was actually applauded? Or was it pleasant for us
To only see the other in what has been said? To see ourselves in them...
Hmmm, before touching cyclists, "En garde" must be called out loud and clearly.
Hello Julia, I hope you enjoyed your funeral and the burial of your urn.
"A brief history of religion and anthropogenic climate change: From the myth of eternal carbon dioxide to how elegant theses become gospels when they are in danger of failing in earthly practice."
The further expansion of the Federal Police into an instrument of repressive isolation policy is not improved by a few control certificates. But also for the first time #labeling obligation and control certificates against #RacialProfiling.
Sovereign Storm of Grailknights live on stage at Colos-Saal Aschaffenburg, 1 April 2023.
New legal opinion sees chat control as incompatible with EU fundamental values. Nevertheless, the Commission continues.
... and one more thing, I found the email locally on a notebook. The house doesn't lose anything! You can rely on my digital messitum.
If you have enough money, you can also demand such things. The economy will be happy.
Healthy materials were used in the construction, and resource-saving construction was taken into account.
So, according to the current planning, I will be driving electrically from September onwards. We'll see how often the construction date is postponed until then....
Human rights organizations are now sounding the alarm: the freedom of choice is in danger.
Moitzfeld: Discussion about new daycare center <URL> #radioberg #bergischesland #nachrichten #lokalnachrichten #nrw #oberberg #rheinberg #news
The Federal Public Prosecutor's Office is refusing to investigate.
Grandpa, buddle, principle, what you need, you host out of the earth, what you want to get rid of, you put in the earth.
But even on the Feldberg, with just under two degrees, it's not enough for "ice". We'll see how it goes on Sunday at the Schluchsee.
Are there also people from #GenerationZ here in the #Fediverse or on the NRW.social instance?
Understandable, there hasn't been such a spectacular goal for a long time!
I spoke to people a few days ago who criticized exactly this about "politics".
Where do you want me to work so that you don't go bankrupt? What do you pay? Can I chill at home? And I want a 4-day week.
Train strike: Will I still reach my destination after 10 p.m. on Sunday? - Deutsche Bahn assumes that train traffic will continue until the start of the warning strike on Sunday. But what if travelers have not yet reached their destination?
Hacking & Pentest Hardware Talk at the Police
I was invited to present the most important tools to the future police officers and policewomen.
Great book: the maid. By Nita Prose. Crime novel with interesting protagonists and an unexpected perspective. Exciting until the end.
NBA: Stephen Curry with 27 points, Warriors beat Lakers - Highlights, Boxscore, Statistics: <URL> #basketball #nba
At Hertha, this is still uncertain, but a victory against the last-placed team from Berlin is in the air.
Now I have to get a nice story off my chest.
I absolutely did not expect to receive a paper train ticket by post anymore.
The number of sick leave among caregivers has risen rapidly from 2021 to 2022. How did this happen? According to data from the Techniker Krankenkasse (TK), which are available to the Evangelical Press Service, the number of sick leave increased by 40 percent compared to 2021.
"The high workload, particularly in nursing care, is also shown in a report by the German Trade Union Federation (DGB).
Transgender: Does not identify with the gender assigned at birth.
The US election 2020: still "stolen". His interviewer: "vile". A day after his conviction for sexual abuse, Donald Trump answers questions from a moderator and the audience at CNN.
Budget policy: Tax revenues lower than expected
This will make the budget negotiations more difficult.
Maybe the search engine and Google Assistant will finally understand that they don't need to show anything about cooking with meat.
A #PopClip extension that allows you to highlight text in #Obsidian in color ... <URL>
#FAV2023 After a #coaching session and lunch break, we continue with the #digital scouts
"#Batteries from disused #EAutos are often not yet exhausted. In a #Pilotproject, they are used to store #Electricity from #RenewableEnergies and to compensate for #Network fluctuations."
#Democracy has also generated broad #prosperity so far. We will see what a democracy is worth if it no longer means prosperity.
Arrived at the #Amtrak Station Providence, Rhode Island.
It would be a good idea to recreate this work of art in order to get rid of this straight line of concrete slabs.
Google's pretty heavy-handed AI power demonstration <URL>
The entrance to our hotel in Argenton-sur-Creuse - makes you want to explore the world behind it.
I am at a loss. And I notice how more and more the fear rises that I have something terrible brewing inside me that I am not covering up.
I still have about 200 euros worth of unused train tickets from the last #warnstreik.
Fairbuds XL: This is what sustainability sounds like
They are easy to repair.
Pakistan: Supreme Court orders release of Imran Khan
The lawyer of Pakistan's former prime minister has succeeded with his complaint: Imran Khan should be released. Thousands had protested after his arrest.
The line closure between Herchen and Eitorf has been lifted. The unauthorized persons on the line between Herchen and Eitorf have been apprehended.
1. General
The one-man entertainment device BATTLEZONE is equipped with a Vector or X/Y monitor. This game illustrates the battle from the perspective of a tank driver. The battles are fought in a wide valley, which is completely enclosed by mountains and volcanoes. In the valley there are rock pyramids and boulders, which offer the player temporary protection, as they cannot be destroyed by enemy fire.
The opponent is represented by slow-moving chain vehicles and fast super tanks, as well as agile rockets, which become increasingly difficult to hit during the extended gameplay. In addition, UFOs appear at regular intervals. These cannot attack the player's tank. Conversely, the player can achieve a high score by hitting a UFO. The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) different modes of operation. These are the attraction mode, the game introduction mode, the game mode, the initial input for highest scores, and the self-test mode. The latter mode represents a special mode for checking the controls and the computer function.
4. Gameplay
The gameplay is triggered when the pressure switch START is activated. The LED switch remains lit and the game sounds become audible. When the last player tank is eliminated by the enemy attacker, the game is over. The game begins with slowly moving tanks that appear on the screen. The player can determine the position of the respective enemy tanks or missiles by paying attention to the text displayed in the upper left corner of the cockpit. A hint can be, for example: ENEMY FROM THE RIGHT. In addition, a point representing the enemy position is visible on the wide-ranging radar screen, accompanied by a sonar BLIP tone.
The upper, conical area on the radar screen represents the player's field of view on the screen below it. If the opponent is in this area, he is easy to target on the screen. Furthermore, the message "OPPONENT IN FIRE ZONE" is displayed in the upper left corner of the screen at the same time.
At times, UFOs appear on the screen, flying over the battlefield. These are harmless flying objects that observe the battle and cannot eliminate either the enemy or the player's tank. The flight position of the UFOs cannot be detected by the radar. The UFOs are intended to complement the battle and distract the player, as they usually appear simultaneously with enemy tanks or missiles. UFOs can be eliminated by both the player's tank and the enemy's tank. A hit by the player earns 5,000 points. If an enemy is hit, the following points are achieved: 1,000 points for a slow-moving tank, 2,000 points for a missile, and 3,000 points for a super tank. A super tank moves and rotates twice as fast as the player's tank or a slow-moving enemy tank. There are several options that give the creator the opportunity to use 2, 3, 4, or even 5 tanks. In addition, after reaching certain point totals, a bonus tank can be released and the appearance of the missile can be varied for a more difficult game setup. Details and the exact switching positions of the game setup selector for this setting option can be seen in the illustration.
5. Initial input for highest results
If a player exceeds the minimum point score in the high score table, he or she can enter three (3) personal initials in the table after the game is over. The instruction for this is self-explanatory and can be displayed in four languages. It should be noted that when a self-test is triggered, the RESET button on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PCB is pressed, or the mains power is interrupted, the high score table is erased. When erasing (RESET), the ten (10) highest point scores with their initials are obtained and written back to the screen to challenge other players. Any point score over 100,000 is additionally marked with a tank symbol, followed by the player's initials. If a player does not enter his or her initials within 60 seconds, the computer automatically enters dashes. After this, the device switches back to the attraction game sequence.
1. New parts
The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) new components. If you have experience with ATARI video devices, you should be aware of these important differences. The new parts are: A. The control lever. This is a redesign of the ATARI control lever. It has been reinforced with several additional ribs in the inner and outer housing parts, making this unit more stable and ensuring proper functioning of the switch contacts. Another change is the rubber centering bellows, which, like a centering spring, always brings the control lever back to the middle position. The micro switches are now attached with self-locking nuts for easier replacement. B. Two PC boards. ATARI's X/Y game circuit has been expanded to two (2) interconnected boards. These are the Analog Vector Generator and the Auxiliary Board. With the help of this circuitry, more lines are generated on the screen at a higher speed, resulting in a smooth and calm image. C. The power supply. Battlezone is equipped with a newly designed power supply. It has a larger, more powerful transformer to cover the increased power supply given by the expansion of the circuit. D. The device housing. Due to the new design, it was now possible to install a new case with a larger coin capacity. In addition, the device has a console that is intended as a podium for smaller players, making it easier to play. At the same time, this console ensures maximum device stability at the installation site.
These new components, as well as all other major components of this device, are shown in Figure 1. If one of these new parts is mentioned in the manual, you will find this symbol. 2. Device inspection
After removing the packaging, this new entertainment device is ready to play. However, you should still perform a certain check to complete the quality control. To be sure that the device was delivered to you in a proper condition, the following checks should be performed: NOTE: Do not connect the device to the 220 V network yet. A. Examine the outer side of the housing for damage. B. Open the maintenance flap of the device and check the components inside the device as follows: (1) Check all cable harness plugs for proper and secure connection. If necessary, connect any open or loose plugs together.
NOTE: Never force a plug connection. The plugs are designed with a positive lock, so a correct connection is made. A plug connection rotated 180 degrees will destroy the PCB.
(2) Check the plug connections to the game PC board for proper and secure fit. (3) Check the manufacturing number on the device on the type plate on the back of the device. Check if the stamped manufacturing number matches those on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PC board, auxiliary PC board, controller/audio II PC board, and the TV monitor. A diagram of the location of the manufacturing number is on the back cover of this manual. This number should always be given when calling your dealer for further service information. (4) Check all other major components such as the power supply, control console, and TV monitor for proper installation. (5) Finally, the device must be connected to the power supply and turned on. Check through the player's viewing glass to see if the radar screen is located in the bright, orange-circled opening in the cover. If the opening is not centered, the cover, attached with adhesive tape to the housing, must be removed and realigned. Before connecting the device to the power supply, make sure that the voltage selector switch on the power supply (see Fig. 3) matches the local power supply voltage. Check the cable color at the plug and verify the connection values as listed below:
DO YOU HAVE PROBLEMS WITH YOUR SOFTWARE? Below you will find a series of tips that can help you solve most problems related to current DirectX games. Checking the system configuration
Please take the time to check if your system meets the requirements listed on the packaging. If you are not sure if your PC meets the requirements, you can use the DirectX Diagnostic Tool to get an overview of your system. To access the DirectX Diagnostic Tool, please follow these steps: Click on the "Start" button and select the "Run" option. Enter "dxdiag" in the text field. The DirectX Diagnostic Tool user interface will now be displayed. Here you have access to all relevant system details, including information about graphics and sound cards. You can check if graphics and sound are working correctly by clicking on the corresponding buttons to test DirectDraw, Direct3D, and DirectSound. Note: If you do not have advanced computer knowledge, we would advise you not to change any of the options in the DirectX Diagnostic Tool. Before starting the game
It can happen that other programs take up the system resources that the game needs to run smoothly. It is not always obvious that these programs are active, and many of them start automatically when the system is booted up. Such programs that are constantly active on your system are also called “background applications”. In some cases, they can be the cause of your program hanging or crashing. Therefore, we recommend that you close such background applications before starting the game. - If antivirus or crash guard programs are running on your system, you should close or disable them before starting the game. To do this, look for the program icon in the Windows taskbar, right-click the icon, and select the appropriate option (“Disable”, “Close”, or similar). - Once you have disabled the antivirus and crash guard programs, you should also close general background applications, as these can sometimes cause problems when you install or run a PC game. You can read more about this in the section “How to close all unnecessary background applications”.
Before installing software, you need to ensure that your hard drive is functioning optimally. Therefore, you should make it a habit to “clean up” your PC at regular intervals. The tools you need to do this come with Windows: use ScanDisk, defragmentation, and disk cleanup to ensure everything runs smoothly. Then, the chances are high that current games will run smoothly on your PC. A “clean” system also has the advantage of working much more efficiently, and thus other applications you use will run faster and more stable. Consult the Windows help files to learn about the ScanDisk or error checking, defragmentation, and disk cleanup tools.
1. Click on the “Start” button and select the “Help” (or “Help and Support”) option to access the Windows Help. 2. Now, click on the search field and enter the corresponding keyword, such as “ScanDisk” (Win 98/ME), “Error Checking” (Win 2000/XP), “Defragmentation”, and “Disk Cleanup”. You will then receive instructions that explain how to use these tools.
The game crashes or hangs?
For games that use the latest version of DirectX, you should make sure that you have the latest drivers for your graphics card. This can often prevent a game from crashing or hanging. - First, you should try to download the latest drivers from the manufacturer's website. Below are the latest graphics card manufacturers:
How to end all unnecessary background applications
Important note: After the game is finished, you should reactivate the background applications by restarting your PC. This will automatically reactivate all background applications that you have ended. Windows 98/ME
1. Hold down the CTRL and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTER. This will display the "Close Application" window, which lists all background applications currently running on your system. 2. To end a background application, click on the entry in the task list and then click on the "End Task" button. Note: Do not end the background applications Explorer and Systray, as these are required for Windows to run. All other background applications can be safely ended. 3. The window will now close and the task is complete. Repeat the above steps to end all other background applications (except "Explorer" and "Systray"). Windows 2000/XP Professional
1. Hold down the CTRL and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTER. The Windows Security window will now appear. 2. Click on “Task Manager” to open the Windows Task Manager. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click on the “End Task” button. Note: Depending on your system settings, pressing CTRL, ALT and ENTER may not display the Windows Security window, but instead immediately display the Windows Task Manager. Windows XP Home
1. Hold down the CTRL and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTER. The Windows Task Manager will now be displayed. 2. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click on the “End Task” button.
If you want to call, you should sit down at your PC and have the following information ready (see section "Checking the system configuration"). Please also prepare note-taking materials. - PC brand and model - processor type - operating system including version number (e.g. Windows® 98; Windows® Me) - RAM (working memory) - information about graphics and sound card and drivers
Introductory words to Fahrheit
The desire to develop video games was sparked in me by the emergence of 3D real-time technology, which suddenly opened up a lot of new possibilities and seemed to me like a new means of expression, with which one could push the world to its limits. It represented for me an opportunity to explore new horizons. I felt like a cinematic pioneer at the beginning of the 20th century: on the one hand, I struggled with the still immature technology, but on the other hand, I was aware that there was still everything to discover - especially a new language, which had to be both narrative and visual. To be honest, the next ten years could not satisfy my hunger. I had the vague feeling that video games only used a tiny part of their amazing creative possibilities, because they were too focused on "action" and forgot about a fundamental element of the human experience: emotions. Meanwhile, technology continued to make rapid progress. Fahrenheit represents my contribution to making video games a true means of conveying emotions. Even if this could have happened in a completely different way, Fahrenheit's greatest merit is the fact that it raises real questions and offers concrete answers. Fahrenheit is proof that it is possible to create an interactive gaming experience that is not just about fighting abhorrent monsters in dark corridors and shooting crates to get ammunition, but has much more demanding and profound content. It is proof that it is possible to tell a story and offer a game content without having to sacrifice the narrative or interactive elements. I hope that both hardcore gamers and casual players will have fun with this new gaming experience. If you are skeptical about video games, I hope that Fahrenheit will help change your mind. I hope that other developers will also feel the desire to follow this new creative path and enrich it with their own inspiration, talent, and ambition. Interactivity is still in its infancy and offers the chance to discover everything. Over the past two years, Fahrenheit has filled a large part of our lives and was an unforgettable interpersonal and intellectual adventure for the entire Quantic Dream team, which forced us to question many of the previously unquestionable principles. I would be happy if Fahrenheit - similar to books, films, and songs that have left a lasting impression on you - also leaves a lasting impression on you. David Cage
The readme file
The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM contains a ReadMe file, which can be viewed to see the license agreement and updated information about the game. We recommend that you view this file so that you can be aware of any changes that have been made since this manual was printed. To view the file, double-click on it in the Fahrenheit directory on your hard drive (usually C:\Programs\Atari\Fahrenheit). You can also access the ReadMe file by first clicking on the Start button on the Windows® taskbar, then selecting “Programs”, “Atari”, “Fahrenheit”, and finally the ReadMe file.
Setup and installation
1. Start Windows® 2000/XP. 2. Insert the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM into the DVD-ROM drive. 3. If the "AutoPlay" option is enabled, the title screen should appear. If "AutoPlay" is not enabled or the installation does not start automatically, click on the Start button of the Windows® taskbar and then on "Execute". Enter D:\Setup, and then click on "OK". Note: If your DVD-ROM drive is assigned a letter other than "D", use that instead. 4. Follow the instructions on the screen to complete the installation of the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM. 5. Once the installation is complete, click on the Start button of the Windows® taskbar and select Programs/Atari/Fahrenheit/Fahrenheit to start the game. Note: The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM must be in the DVD-ROM drive for you to be able to play.
This SERVICE MANUAL is intended to familiarize you with the installation and maintenance of the QIX TV entertainment machine. The front pages describe the game sequence, in addition to important installation and maintenance tips. The following service tips assume general knowledge of microprocessors, TTL circuits, and TV monitors. No attempt should be made to repair the electronic part of the machine without knowledge in these areas. The manual concludes with the electrical diagrams. We ask that you carefully follow the instructions in this manual to ensure satisfactory operation of the machine.
The information and illustrations contained in this SERVICE MANUAL are current at the time of printing. CHANGES RESERVED IN THE SPIRIT OF TECHNICAL PROGRESS, HOWEVER, NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE! Please note when setting up
Transport damage
If external transport damage is visible, it must be reported immediately, recorded on a transport document and confirmed by the deliverer (shipping company, railway, etc.). The manufacturer is not liable for transport damage!
The device is set for the mains voltage indicated on the type plate. For other mains voltages, the device transformer and the monitor transformer must be switched over. According to VDE regulations, the device is provided with a protective earth connection and is only intended for dry rooms. The correct operation of the coin system requires the device to be placed horizontally and vertically. SERVICE TIPS
IMPORTANT! If at any time an incomprehensible display appears on the monitor, please turn off the machine for a short time (pull out the power plug) and then turn it back on. If the machine does not work properly after this, it needs to be repaired.
Before repair, remove the power plug! During monitoring and testing: Do not touch any parts carrying voltage! Even when the device is switched off, the monitor can still carry dangerous voltage. CAUTION, HIGH VOLTAGE! About 20,000 volts are present at the anode terminal of the picture tube. Only replace fuses with fuses of the same value! A blown fuse indicates overload of a component. If the fuse is replaced with a higher value fuse, serious damage can be caused. Replace components only with original replacement parts. Never remove printed circuits/connections while the device is switched on. SERVICE MANUAL QIX
Gameplay
By pressing the corresponding start button, the game is started for one or (with a minimum credit of 2) for 2 players. The aim is to get as much area as possible without crossing the path of the rotating QIX and without hitting the wandering SPARX. The game is set up so that a minimum area must be occupied before the next area (round) can be attacked. The time-controlled SPARX are shown on the upper edge of the screen by red timing lines. When the red lines meet, additional SPARX are released. When the alarm is sounded, the SPARX become super SPARX and more aggressive. If, while you are trying to draw your area, your marker symbol gets into the death spiral, it is destroyed, because you cannot cross your own path, or go back. If you hesitate and do not complete your area, a fuse is lit and your marker symbol is destroyed. Two speed settings are available. At a slower drawing speed, the points are doubled. After opening the control panel, the 4 programming and test switches are accessible.
The QIX game is capable of self-checking, providing data and demonstrating that circuits and controls are working properly. For more information, see "Service Program". The volume can be adjusted on the volume control (VOLUME) on the Data/Sound PC-Board.
Programming and Test Switch: SUB-TEST
Function: Move on to the next line
Programming and Test Switch: TEST
Function: Move on to the next program step (display)
Programming and Test Switch: Up
Function: Reset to factory settings (until the lettering is green), increment by 1 step (when the lettering is green) Programming and Test Switch: Down
Function: Countdown by 1 step
There is the possibility of installing a coin counter in the device. A line to a 412 V DC supply. A line to connection J 15 - 13 on the ROM/IC board.
SERVICE PROGRAM
General. For programming and testing, the 4 switches located in the device, the self-test button, and the LEDs on the video PC board are used.
Programming display. With this display, the language (English, French, Spanish, German) in which the address programming and the game operate is selected. The languages can be set with the help of the "Sub-Test" switch. When the desired language appears in green, press the "Test" switch to switch to the next programming display.
"Threshold": height of the % number that must be reached to switch to the next round
"Time limit": Release for additional Sparx
"Difficulty": Difficulty level of the game
"Anziehton": no tone at "0" in standby mode
at "1" tone also in standby mode (animation tone) "table model": at "0" standby device
at "1" table device
The credits per coin are set on the "coin slot programming" display. High-score program display (highest hit rate so far"). The hit points and initials of the player appear, including the next 10 point numbers. The values are used to set the high score selected on the previous display (set to "back"). Pressing the "up" button sets the initials QIX standard. Pressing the "test" button displays the next program display. The "total evaluation". Pressing the "up" button can be set to 0. The following values are recorded: Total credit: The number of paid credits. The total number is not set to 0. When 1,000,000 is reached, counting starts from the beginning. The total number can only appear at 0 when the battery or the W1 plug is removed, with the device turned off. Left-side coins: Number of coins inserted in the left coin slot. Middle coins: (not available) Right-side coins: Number of coins inserted in the right coin slot. Paid credits: Number of credits given for inserted (redeemed) coins. Granted credits: Number of credits given by the device. % Free games: Granted credits (paid + granted credits per 100) Played minutes: Number of minutes played. Won minutes: Number of minutes with extended or won game. % Leisure time: Won minutes/minutes played per 100. Average game duration in seconds: Minutes played/paid + granted credits
High Score (Hit Rate): The number of times a player has had a high enough hit rate to knock other players off the high score list. Pressing the "Up" button resets the values to 0. Pressing the "Test" button displays the next program display.
Coin slot programming/normal coin setting. With the help of this display, a standard coin setting can be selected or another setting can be programmed by the operator
If a default setting is provided, the programming is selected by pressing the "Up" and "Down" buttons while the top digit is green on the screen. The size values change with the change of the digit. When the correct setting is reached by pressing the "Test" button, the setting is adopted. If a setting is desired that does not correspond to the default setting, the values can be set by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. After pressing once, the top setting number is set to 0, which means that a custom setting is possible. Since the lower values remain unchanged, the programmer can reduce his setting efforts by selecting a setting that is close to his desired values and only changing the values that are not appropriate. As soon as the setting is done, any new size can be selected by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. If the "Up" and "Down" buttons are pressed unintentionally, the default setting appears. The "Coin Multiplier" ("Coin Unit") indicates how many coin units are given for each coin inserted through an associated slot. Coin units - "Credit" shows the number of units required before a credit is issued. "Bonus" coin units show the number of units required before a bonus credit is issued. "Min. Coin" is a value that accumulates credits until a set minimum amount of coins is reached. In the default setting, this value is not used. CMOS MEMORY (Memory) FAILURE
If "Memory Failure - Service Required" appears on the display, the CMOS RAM, where all programming is stored, has failed. All values stored in the RAM are reset to factory default settings. This condition is likely to indicate failure or malfunction of the battery.
ERROR SEARCH and SETTINGS
Start of the test method. Press the "Sub-Test" switch or the "Self-Test" button (SW 1 near the LED display). All LEDs should light up and the hardware test can begin. The tests and settings can be entered for each program display, by pressing the "Test" switch, the next program is displayed. If a continuous test of the video board is desired, the Self-Test button must be pressed twice, so that the video test begins in the auto-test mode. In this program, the device will continuously perform the hardware test until it is turned off. If the display "Open Coin Door to Test" appears, the program plug J 19, 1 - 2 must be inserted. When the J 19 plug is removed, the memory (memory) is protected and the CMOS RAM test video cannot be performed. Hardware tests: These tests are performed as follows: O = off / I = on / X = test results
The ROM checksum calculates the checksum of each video ROM and compares it with the checksum stored for this ROM. If there is a difference, the device stops and the value of the ROM with the wrong checksum appears on the LEDs. If the checksum ROM is faulty, U 10 is first displayed. If this test fails, the next ROM displayed on the LED display must be replaced. The E-PROM Memory in a given game can be introduced as a bank (series) of either 2716 or 2732 E-PROMs. The E-PROM type for each series is chosen by the decoding plug (26-00002-016 for 2716 or 26-00002-032 for 2732). Communications RAM from the Video Board
The Communications RAM test determines the reliability of the memory shared by two processors by storing a predetermined series of numbers in RAM and then checking if the storage was correct. LED value: 00 0010 If the Gerdt with the aforementioned display holds, an error has been discovered. If the Communications RAMs fail during the video board test, the error may have been caused by a defective wiring (RAM) or errors in the data board. To locate the error, remove the data board from P 6 and repeat the test. A failure means: error in U 3, U 4 or related circuits.
Video Board CMOS RAM
After values have been written to another part of the memory, the CMOS RAM is checked in the same way as the Communications RAM. If the test is passed, all memory locations are set to their previous value. LED value: 00 0011 If the device with the aforementioned display holds, there is an error. In this case, check U 85 and U 86 and the associated circuits or decoding.
Check the video board color RAM by storing predetermined number sequences in the color RAM. These number sequences are checked for correctness when read back. LED value: 00 0100 If this value is displayed, there is an error. Check U 56, U 57, and the multiplexers and decoders connected to them.
Video board (display RAM). The display RAM is checked by writing a pattern on each side. The results of these writes are compared to the original pattern. Any discrepancies cause the program to halt and the LEDs indicate the faulty RAM. If a display RAM fails, identify the problem and replace the RAM. If this fault diagnosis does not indicate a RAM failure (00 0101 on LEDs), it indicates that the next test is beginning (Data Hardware). The connection to the data processor must be present and it must be functional.
Unfortunately disappointed
The jacket arrived after 2 days with AMAZON logistics. This is also the reason for star No. 1. The second reason is that the correct jacket arrived without any noticeable sewing errors. BUT I had been looking forward to this jacket too much, because the disappointment was all the greater. I had oriented myself based on the other reviews and ordered the jacket in L. Since it is supposed to fit so tightly and I didn't want to struggle with an S or M in terms of my bust size... In the end, it would have fit in terms of length and at the waist... In the rest, I could swim. In addition, the lining material was already visible when I opened the package and spread everywhere. Just a shame... It will be returned:/
Fast delivery and good processing
The jacket makes a great impression. We were surprised by the good workmanship. You can wear it well on both sides. We ordered it for our daughter, she is totally thrilled. She usually wears the 158 and the 36 fits her quite well in this case and will probably be worn next year too. We can recommend an order.
Robust quality
I chose the rubber pad c because I always work with wood on the car jack and that is not optimal. Unfortunately, I misjudged and the pad does not fit quite right. But that is my mistake. I then slightly changed it so that it fits. The pad appears very robust and you no longer damage the edges. You can use the groove or the entire surface. It has worked without any problems. Nothing slips anymore. I would buy it again immediately.
Unfortunately too big for under 1 year
The product itself is quite okay, but not under a year. The chewing area is too big for the small mouth. We got it when our son was 7 months old and he couldn't use it because of its size. Now at 12 months, we have taken it out again and he can use it. He also hasn't been able to bite anything with his few existing teeth. And when it was in the fridge, it calmed him down a lot.
Quality not sufficient / Unfortunately going back
I was probably blinded by the sometimes overly enthusiastic reviews. I would like to point out that I already have two Lowepro backpacks in use. One is very large (for storing equipment) and the other is quite small for the most important, everyday things that you just take with you. Because I just bought the Sigma 70-200 2.8, the small Lowepro has now become too small and I need a replacement. During Prime Day, I bought this backpack for a really affordable price (just under 29 euros) and was actually very happy about this purchase, having read many of the reviews beforehand. When the backpack arrived yesterday, however, came the disappointment: The backpack is not bad for under 30 euros, that can't be said. But that it (as written in many reviews) can keep up with the reputable products, which are sold at much higher prices... People, that's just not true! I had really hoped that it was, but that's just not the case. The padded walls are much thinner and do not offer the same protection as my Lowepro. Oh, the partitions inside are of a different caliber, much more cumbersome. Overall, the haptics of this backpack cannot be compared to my Lowepro. The zippers and the materials of the compartments for small items are also not particularly high quality. Therefore, I have decided that the backpack is going back. If I buy equipment worth many thousands of euros, I unfortunately have to spend the money on a decent backpack. Quality apparently does have its price. For someone who does not want to spend a lot of money, the backpack is definitely a good choice, but not for me. And it's not that the decision was difficult for me. When I unpacked the backpack, I knew after two minutes that it was going back. What I liked was the color inside. Here you can definitely find your things much faster than with a gray interior. For someone who has different demands on a backpack, the backpack is definitely a great thing, but mine is going back.
Unfortunately disappointed by the third part
So far, I had liked the Electrical series by E. L. Todd the best, but my opinion was revised with this book. I had found the first two books very strong and also recommendable and had really been looking forward to the third part. In this part, it is all about the feelings of Volt and Taylor and I found it unnecessary to be drawn out. Taylor has been swooning over Volt for so long, finally admits everything and then acts like a little child and withdraws?! At the same time, there were also inconsistencies, in my opinion, because at the end of the second part, Volt still tried to convince Taylor's ex and did not believe him when he said that Taylor would stand by him and try to convince the ex that Taylor could not do without him and he had heard it himself. But at the beginning of the third part, Volt seems to have forgotten everything and is fighting for Taylor. I had hoped that this would be the last part of the series and think that this part is the weakest and also quite unnecessary. I will still read the fourth part and hope that it will finally come out that Taylor's girlfriend Sarah is Volt's ex. This would bring more tension into the story.
Man destroys everything, knows nothing to appreciate and does not learn! First of all: The film is not as bad as many write. Of course, the story is totally constructed and designed according to the same pattern. If you have seen the beginning, you know how the end is. And the message is always the same: Man destroys everything, and knows nothing to appreciate, and does not learn! And that is exactly what the film wants to tell us! How often did I think (and that's even though I know it's just a movie, and the animals come from the computer): Oh my God, the poor animals, it often makes me cry. Therefore, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is really well done. It's just a shame that people do not understand the message behind the film, even though it is a mainstream film. We consistently destroy, the animals and the environment and ultimately our planet and ourselves. Out of greed for profit and out of stupidity and arrogance! Empathy for the environment and the living beings: Not present. 4 stars, because the film is well made, but unfortunately always follows the same principle, otherwise 5 stars would have been in it. Nevertheless, well-made popcorn cinema.
a quiet, sensitive film
Some people are expecting a film like 8 Mile here. This film is not a Hollywood blockbuster and does not want to be one. This film is primarily "French" - it is also calm, sensitive, empathetic, authentic and brings tears to your eyes - if you let yourself be carried away by it and do not expect anything from it, which it does not want to be.
Problematic
Taste like Quench from the 90s, supposedly orange, but that doesn't matter. 5 days every morning a packet: nothing has moved, but not at all. My waistline has grown by 12 cm! Bloating like never before! After that diarrhea 5-8 times a day. Not very helpful, unfortunately, despite immediate discontinuation, the diarrhea has persisted for 1 week. It should be noted that in the smaller package size, only 2 stars (unfortunately only seen too late) were given, in the larger one full 5 stars? That is very very strange!
Horrible smell and poor results! I dyed my blonde hair chocolate brown in October with an intense color, and in February/March I used this hair color remover. I used the product twice. The first time I immediately noticed that it smelled horrible! However, there was still a not too bad result, it came out a bit darker (about walnut brown). Since I didn't achieve my desired result, I used it again, as instructed, if not satisfied with the result. This time it was a complete waste of time! It made no difference, my hair looked the same as the first time. What was the worst, it still smelled weeks after use... No matter how often I washed my hair, the smell just wouldn't go away.
Highly recommended
I have been taking the tablets for a longer period of time now and always take one tablet every 5 days. My vitamin balance has been in the basement for a long time due to my work, too little exercise and an additional long-term illness. I wanted to help my immune system not only through healthy nutrition but also by taking vitamin D3 and K2. This is also working very well. I feel fitter and much better. I sleep better and get out of bed better. The price is also great because you also have to consider how long you can take the tablets. Absolutely recommended.
The function is not entirely satisfactory! After using the battery case for 3 months, I have discovered the following major defects, which I find very annoying: 1) The case has problems connecting to the phone over time. This means that the phone is no longer charging even though you have pressed the "Power On/Off" button for 3 seconds. If you remove the phone from the case and put it back in, you can solve the problem in 70% of cases, but this creates a new defect. 2) Due to frequent removal and reinsertion of the phone into the case, the cover is now so worn that it comes off the case on its own, which is why I have almost lost it several times. These are not many major defects, but I think that a case with a battery should work perfectly in its function and that is why I am very disappointed with the product, especially since I have only been using it for 3 months.
Too expensive, too thin and disappointing
I don't know how all these good reviews come about. Ultimately, it's actually just a glasses cleaning cloth, which you get as a gift from every optician in a slightly smaller form. The cleaning effect is just as good as with a kitchen towel and not better. I had expected much more from these cloths, they are also really very thin. Since I have used it, I can unfortunately no longer exchange it, I am disappointed and cannot recommend it from my side. The price for these cloths is far too high, more than 2 euros should not be given.
I doubt the frequency response
I bought this speaker for the shower as a replacement for my smaller free speaker that I received as a promotional gift, which unfortunately broke. Overall, the Onforu works great, is waterproof (I dropped it in the shower), gives bass back as bass, Bluetooth works great... The suction cup must of course be watered, otherwise it will dissolve... It can play very loud... Yes... What I see critically is the frequency response of this small speaker. As I said, bass is played back as bass and not converted into a higher frequency. However, this causes a problem. Some frequencies are played back very loudly, while others remain very quiet. While some frequencies of the singing almost hurt in the ears, higher and lower frequencies are just barely audible. My old speaker may not have played bass well as bass, but the frequencies were represented in volume quite naturally. Unfortunately, this is not really the case with the Onforu, which I find a bit annoying. Therefore, I have to deduct a star. From the frequency response, I expected more.
very bad
In a few places the paint had chipped off and when you just walked over it with your hand the paint would come off in some places too. We wanted to have it picked up for free because we didn't want it anymore, but unfortunately only at our expense. They would only replace the damaged parts but what if both cabinets were damaged. Poor service from the manufacturer Amazon took care of everything for us and refunded us the money. A big thank you to Amazon
Better to spend a little more money
The price is relatively low, which is noticeable in the quality. The product is delivered in the form of individual parts that need to be glued together. The product was packaged in a simple envelope made of thin cardboard. There was no additional protection. Since the postman stuffed the product right into my mailbox, a few templates were damaged. I didn't complain, because I urgently needed this product. The included glue hardly holds, but it sticks well - like chewing gum that doesn't harden. Already one day after gluing, almost half of the templates had fallen off the wooden sticks. Since the glue material doesn't dry out (at least it was still wet five days after gluing), you have to be very careful not to glue everything together. The templates are partially incomplete. For one-time use and as a gag for a party, it's okay, but for a wedding, I would invest a bit more money and go for a high-quality product.
I am not dissatisfied. The cabinet looks good and is easy to assemble, even if the instructions are not so clear. + Magnetic lock + nice appearance + stable when assembled + shelf board can be positioned as desired
- Doors slam shut due to magnets (this can perhaps be compensated for with rubber stoppers) - some dirty spots
- the dowels that come with it are much too small and wobble (I didn't have any others and I stuck them in there with craft glue) - the holders for the shelf wobble a bit (I wrapped them in some paper and balanced them out) Conclusion: If it didn't look so good and didn't have such good measurements, I would give it fewer stars, because you have to make everything fit to be really satisfied. Also, I find it a bit too expensive for that.
The coffee tastes good to me....but
...there are only 3 stars. The taste is subjectively good, but in my opinion, the original capsules are better (but also much more expensive). In this regard, I would have given 5 stars. Unfortunately, the coffee does not flow evenly (if at all!). The additional plastic waste (individually packaged, see photo) also means a star deduction for me. I hope the manufacturer changes this and soon receives full marks.
Set an alarm for me
The alarm clock arrived quickly and was easy to set up. But: the natural sounds sound terrible and are extremely loud. I couldn't turn them down either. Probably a defect, apparently that's possible. The quietest radio setting was also too loud for me, I immediately woke up. In addition, the darkest display setting is so bright that you can cast a shadow on the wall with your hand. I always woke up when I turned my face towards the alarm clock, because I thought it was already morning. But when it was finally time and the sunrise simulation began, it was immediately too bright for me. I liked the colors and even the color change, unfortunately, you can't dim the colored light. I also liked that it has a battery, so that in the event of a power outage, the time and the alarm time don't have to be entered again. But I returned it for the reasons mentioned.
Light super, processing insufficient
I have replaced four light bulbs in the house with these lamps. Unfortunately, I could only replace four, because the other two were delivered without a socket - instead, a circuit board is laughing at me at this point... There was also nothing in the box. "6 pay - 4 receive" is not a good deal. Amazon would have certainly been generous and quick to resolve this, but I only found out after the return deadline. So, I see this as my own mistake and live with it. However, it is not a good indication of the quality of these light bulbs - so far the only reason for two stars deduction. The light itself is super. The rooms are now very bright and evenly lit. The light color is more towards cool white. Perfect for hallways, home offices, workshops, laundry rooms, etc. For living areas, I would personally go for warmer light. It is definitely comparable to a good old 100 watt bulb. Other lamps can do this too and I might get intact copies according to the order. If my review is helpful, I would appreciate a positive rating. I try to answer questions quickly.
Great
I received the gestures, and I would like to share my first impression. Yes, positive. I have been thinking for a long time whether to order this set or not. ** The material is stable and it feels good in the hand. **The utensils all have a hole on the handle to be able to hang them up ** The soft silicone does not scratch expensive cookware and pots and is particularly practical to use on pans with a coating. **They are heat-resistant and can be used up to 440 ℉. **They also do not transfer heat and can be touched directly. **However, the dishwasher sometimes leaves water stains on the black silicone. But just wipe it off and it's gone. After all, I must say that I am very surprised and I can only recommend it.
B-Ware sold as new
Amazon Prime shipping is simply top-notch. Delivery within 24 hours. Then the shock, the faucet unpacked and all parts checked. We found out that the part had already been installed before. We had to find significant scratches and scuffs on all the mounting parts. The screws/connections of the hoses were all damaged. Despite this, we installed the part in the sink (unfortunately). Only now did we see that there were scratches/streaks on the chrome faucet itself. This part was probably already delivered and sent back. We are keeping this faucet and installing it in the sink in the basement because it doesn't matter how it looks there. Our conclusion; we will never order such goods from Amazon again, but rather spend a little more in the hardware store where we get decent goods. I just find it sad that customers are being cheated like this!!!
The product itself is top, but the external sensor unfortunately broke after just 6 months
In principle, I am very satisfied with this product. The installation was very easy, and the radio range is also very good, with no problems at all with the transmission from inside to outside. I also like the design of the device. It is very simple and can either be mounted on the wall or set up like a small picture frame. The only annoying thing is that after about half a year of use, the device that measures the values outside seems to be broken. The thermometer still seems to be intact, with plausible values still being displayed. The hygrometer, however, seems to be gone, as it always displays completely astronomical values of the outside air humidity. This is very unfortunate, as the device was installed outside in a protected place and is also the reason why I only give this product two stars.
Strong mower with weak catcher
Apart from the fact that the first delivery attempt is still happily driving through the Republic with Hermes today, without finding its way to me or back to Amazon, the service from Amazon was, as always, excellent. The mower arrived quickly and made a valuable impression. The motor is strong and a nice cutting pattern is produced. The noise level is not exactly impressively low, but okay. The major drawback is unfortunately the catcher. Firstly, it is only made of hard plastic at the top and bottom and fabric in between. If you put it down for just a short time when it is half full, it is of course compressed and parts of the contents fall out. Worse, however, is that the actually practical fill level indicator shows red even when the catcher is only half full. That would not be so bad if the mower did not lose large parts of the cut grass from then on. Emptying the basket on a large lawn every time it is only half full cannot be the solution. Therefore, I have cleaned the device as well as possible and sent it back. Conclusion: In principle, a very good mower, which is made useless for me by the unfortunate design of the catcher.
Good monitoring device
I have two of these devices. The device can be easily integrated via the app. The included detachable sensor cable is very useful and can be extended if needed. The device is solidly built. Room temperature and humidity are displayed, but are only displayed once to three times a day (adjustable) in the app to conserve battery power. I am only giving 4 stars for the following reasons: - The soft back of the device, which also closes the battery compartment, can only be closed with some fumbling. - One of the two devices is in a room with fairly thick walls. This device loses its connection to the network every 1 to 2 weeks. Unfortunately, the device does not reconnect on its own, even if you put it near the router. You have to remove the batteries and wait a short while before putting them back in, then it reconnects. This should work without removing the batteries. There is always an alarm when the connection is lost. - The alarm tone could be a bit louder.
3D Printer Prusa i3 DIY
I ordered this 3D printer because I wanted to use it for my own projects. Unfortunately, I have not yet managed to level the hotbed properly. The right rear locking screw is completely tightened, but the hotbed is still too high and the screw on the front right falls out, because it is not tightened at all, even though the hotbed is still too low. The rods that hold the carriage are straight, as is the table. Maybe someone knows what can be done about this, because it is impossible to print anything. As for assembly: The assembly was relatively problem-free, one could only show how to lay the cables, because otherwise one has to re-lay them several times, which is very tiring. I have also already contacted support, but after a week's wait, I still have not received a response. Returning it is unfortunately no longer possible. I expected a bit more.
robust and precise, I am positively surprised
My old measuring tape has given up the ghost after many years, so a new one had to be bought. This one looks very robust and is just as precise after several test measurements. Two batteries are included, so you can start using it right away. The packaging of the tape is simple, but it fully meets its purpose. Otherwise, the tape leaves nothing to be desired and has all the necessary measuring methods. I can only give it full marks and believe it will last at least as long as the old measuring tape.
Nauseating, persistent odor
I bought the bracelet and haven't worn it yet, as it emits a disgusting smell. To this day, this smell has not gone away, even though it has been "aired out" constantly. Since it is no longer possible to return it, I have disposed of it. I would advise against buying it.
For the price, it's okay
The stars and balls on this necklace are a bit too big for my personal taste, so it looks quite massive. The larger balls are freely movable, which I quite like. However, the necklace is overall very simply made, so I have torn the clasp open twice. So far, I have been able to repair it each time, but I don't think it will last for long. But for the low price, you can't really expect anything high-quality.
Very nice piece of jewelry
A beautifully crafted bracelet - and the simple clasp actually holds! You just have to pull the end through the mouth, it can't open, amazing! I have applied some leather care to it, which makes it even softer and more pliable. Just one thing: if you have anything magnetic on your arm: The clasp is made of steel!
Unfortunately, it's junk! I was already disappointed after unpacking, because the small displays of the transmitters were all scratched, so I had the feeling that it was used goods. The base station was okay. Now to the function: It only connects after some fiddling.... If you stick to the instructions, it doesn't work at all, only after I removed a battery from the base station and put it back in, did the transmitters finally connect. Unfortunately, my joy didn't last long, because after an hour the connection was gone again, and that even though the transmitters were next to the base station. The display of the three transmitters was also very different! All in all, not useful for me! The thing was returned! I would definitely advise against buying it, it only brings trouble!
Transport damage
Hello, I already had this garden pump before, unfortunately, after 3.5 years, the thread of the inner shaft was rusted. I only bought it again for one reason, I urgently needed it because of the current drought and I knew the connections of the suction line and the discharge line would fit. I hope that the shaft on the previous pump had a production defect and the current pump will last a little longer. Unfortunately, the new pump had a transport damage, the plastic housing was torn and the ventilation slots were broken. The box was also damaged from the outside, so I would recommend packing the pump a little better in the future, rather than just using a thin-walled box. I still kept the pump, as described above, I urgently needed the pump and the cracks in the plastic housing did not affect the pump's performance.
It could have been better thought out. Since I often have to deal with many different keys, I thought an organizer like this would be more convenient than carrying around a huge bunch of keys all the time. At first, everything went quite well. However, the paint quickly started to peel off and the screws had to be tightened again and again. It's nice that it can be done with a penny, but only with a penny. I couldn't find a suitable screwdriver that wouldn't immediately ruin the entire screw. Now, to get to the most annoying part of the whole thing: attaching the keys. The fact that you can adjust the screw to different sizes and lengths is nice, but once you've screwed it all together, you need pliers to take it apart again. Attaching the keys is simply a game of patience, balance, and skill. In the end, the screw broke off in the thread and made the whole thing useless. Conclusion: If at all, then only for all the necessary keys at once and never again, but at that price, you can also buy a cheaper alternative.
Do not quite match the specified dimensions
The zippers are easy to use, the material seems robust, and it's all in a lightweight design. Since I don't have a comparison (my first organizer set), I won't be able to actually judge the product until after the first use. In advance, I can already say that the height is lower than stated. At the moment, I can't really imagine packing everything there for a three-week vacation. If necessary, the really large items can be directly packed in the suitcase - as before. It should also be noted that not 8, but 10 pieces were delivered, as there were two smaller bags/pouches in the round cosmetic bag. Although not high-quality, I still wanted to mention it. The fact that the cosmetic bag has a different color and is made of a different material than the other bags doesn't bother me personally. I see the price-performance ratio as a trial price and that's okay.
So lala
So, I ordered it before Christmas and it worked until after Christmas. Now, when I wanted to use it again, it didn't work anymore. Battery? Changed. But it still doesn't work. So, I could have just thrown the money in the trash.
Maintenance is always good! The application is simple, but you should be very careful with the brush not to damage the needle. I could not hear any improvement in sound from my very high-quality turntable.
Long battery life
The headphones are wonderfully protected. Two black cables were included. The battery life is very long. The sound is definitely completely sufficient. I liked that the headphones do not hurt even after long wearing and are therefore very comfortable. The ear cups are very soft and pleasant to wear. The weight is also kept very low. Recommended purchase in this price range.
Nice dress
Very nice dress, which is suitable for a wide variety of occasions. The price-performance ratio is completely in line with this, especially since I also bought it in the flash sale. It fits perfectly in my size, I am glad that I did not order it smaller (it was recommended). I only wish that the neckline was not so deep, and the sleeves could handle a little more fabric (if you do not have quite as slender upper arms as the model in the picture). But overall, a stylish dress for many occasions.
Stay away. It can't get any worse. I really and seriously didn't expect that such a piece of junk would be sold nowadays. The drive is operated on a High End Asus ROG Strix Scar II Gaming Laptop. It can be assumed that the USB ports provide sufficient power. However, trouble-free operation of this drive is not possible. DVDs usually work, Blu-rays are recognized at best unreliably. The discs have to be inserted several times, after which it makes rattling noises like you haven't heard since the 90s from old PCs and the very first CD-ROM drives. After a few minutes, you can either restart the computer because it's not working anymore or the disc is finally recognized. However, you must not press pause or skip to a chapter or change the language or anything else. This immediately leads to an unrecoverable freeze. In addition, of course, no Blu-ray software is included. If you buy PowerDVD or similar for a fee, the price of this drive doubles.
It does what it's supposed to do, but it's not pretty. First of all, I want to emphasize that the two USB ports are actually a gimmick, because only the port that points upwards is a USB port. The other plug is only there to charge some device and is therefore relatively useless. I didn't know that when I bought it, which is why I was a little disappointed. I actually needed a second port and if I had just needed an extension, I probably wouldn't have bought this ugly lump with gold plugs. But aside from the appearance and my misjudgment, the extension does its job very reliably. And because of the weight of the plug, the inserted USB stick doesn't just hang around in the area, as it would with a normal extension cord. So it's not really a bad purchase, but my enthusiasm is limited :-).
Small but mighty! I bought this product so that I could have an audio output on my iPad (Pro) and connect a display. With iOS 12, you can now also push data back and forth. This works very well. The audio output was also as expected. Other adapters that I had to send back could not do this. The HDMI output is practical. I now have a PS4 controller connected via Bluetooth to the tablet and the HDMI to the TV. Simultaneous charging is not a problem. The sound is delivered via HDMI. What else do I use my PlayStation for? :P There was a small adapter included that can be attached to the tablet. This is supposed to provide stability and also has a magnetic holder. With my case, this does not fit with the adapter. Well, it still holds securely and has contact, so... All in all, it is a bit expensive, but justified by the full range of functions. It is also very small and sturdily made from aluminum. Price-performance ratio is right.
A lot of power
Great device. It has been running without problems for months. It is not exactly light or quiet, but it delivers decent performance. I find the middle temperature setting a bit too cool and therefore always use level 2. It has also fallen onto the tiled floor several times and has survived well. And I also like the simple design. Competitor products often look like spaceships.
Very good
The processing of the brush head has left a very good impression, although the price difference compared to the original is very large, but does not make a favorable impression. In use, the feeling of a high-quality process is confirmed. Overall, I found these brushes to be very good and can be recommended without reservation.
Great product with weak battery
We have had the tracker for about 6 months and are positively surprised that in live mode the location is accurate to within 0.5m. In offline mode, when the dog is in the house, it sometimes jumps a few meters, which is not a problem. I would buy it again anytime. What would be great, however, would be a battery that lasts longer. Currently, it lasts about 1.5 hours a day. Here, a solution that could last 7-14 days would be great. There is an XL version, but unfortunately, it is too big for our taste. The battery would not have to last that long and we find it impractical to change it every day. We should be dealing with the dog, not with its collar :-) . The app also worked perfectly.
After a few weeks of garbage
We have already ordered the shoes in several sizes. They fit well and seem to be comfortable. However, the lifespan is decreasing more and more. Although my son only wears the shoes in gym class, the sole is already broken after just a few weeks and the shoes cannot be used anymore. With the last pair, it was also the case that they did not last very long in normal use, but I thought it would be enough for the class. Unfortunately, that was not the case. The shoes are expensive rubbish and absolutely not recommended.
It fits perfectly - but is it original? My last pair of Crocs unfortunately broke down after 5 years, so I happily ordered new ones. These ones are unfortunately poorly made at first glance. They are just as comfortable as the ones I had before. At first glance, there doesn't seem to be any difference, but on second glance, you can see that the edges are poorly made and the strap at the heel is quite loose and will probably not last five years like my previous ones. I'm curious!
Surprisingly good
As there are hardly any reviews yet, I was very skeptical at first. However, since I am going to a festival this year and would like to sleep in the car, I decided to order them on a whim. The delivery included the mattress and an air pump for the car. Regarding the mattress: I tried it out in the car (Citroen Berlingo). I noticed that there was some mold on one side. I wiped it off and hope that it doesn't come back. In the inflated state, a lying test was immediately carried out. It is very comfortable to lie on and is perfect for the festival. Of course, this mattress cannot replace your own bed, but for a few days at the event, it is pure luxury. The mattress fits perfectly in my car. We removed the seats in the back beforehand. It fits perfectly. The air pump: The air pump has various adapters. The mattress requires two different adapters, which can also be found on the pump. The pump is plugged into the cigarette lighter of the car. However, the plug was defective (something at the soldering point). Since my friend is handy, he was able to repair it and once it was reassembled, it worked perfectly and pumped up the mattress in no time. Overall, I am very enthusiastic about the mattress. I am curious about the hardness test at the festival. I hope that it does not lose air and that it lasts a long time. Likewise, I hope that the mold does not reappear. After the test, I can already recommend it. If I have any other experiences, I will revise the review accordingly (if possible).
Definitely not worth more than 10€... Unfortunately, I only give the calendar two stars. :( 1. For the fast shipping. 2. For the idea of the toy. Unfortunately, the calendar was torn apart by the poor workmanship on day 1 through several doors. On the 21st door, there were no doors left and I had to more or less allow my son to take out the remaining parts as they were already coming his way. The parts often come out in a jumbled mess, which often means that you have to take the car apart again to put the parts in. After the car is completely built, parts fall off during play. (Mostly the windshield. This is also very difficult to reattach.) In general, I would not buy this calendar again and would not recommend it to anyone. Perhaps the manufacturers will reconsider the way they designed the calendar for the next edition and do it better. :\
a real drone
I am thrilled with the drone. My 7-year-old daughter flies it. It flies very well indoors and the 5-minute flight time is usually completely sufficient. I didn't expect anything else at this price, but hair getting caught in it and the drone breaking very quickly are not a problem. If you have any questions, please contact me.
The game is okay, but it can only be played on Steam under duress. I didn't see when I bought it that it was not a game CD, but just a code with which you can download the game. That would be okay so far, but you are forced to install Steam to be able to play it at all, which is an outrage. Since then, the computer has been constantly crashing, which certainly would not be the case with a pure installation of the game.
Unfortunately, it fails due to the battery life
I was really looking forward to the watch. The design and appearance are great, news etc. were displayed without any problems. The operation worked well.... and yet I am sending it back. The big catch: the battery and its runtime. Charged in the evening, only on the shelf overnight and in the morning there was 11% less battery when not in use. If there were many messages during the day, the battery was already empty by noon / early afternoon and then you can't even read the time. Therefore, it is not useful for me. Very sad.
A noble shell with limitations
For the slippery Samsung Galaxy S10+, you should definitely get a case. I recently liked cases that you can also put your credit card in. This case offers that. If you put cards in all 3 compartments, it becomes too much, then the lid stands up a bit. One is enough for me. The leather case makes a robust impression and seems to be well made. It looks elegant. The phone is embedded all around, only the connections have cutouts. Otherwise, you can easily operate the power button and volume control on the sides through the case. The disadvantage is that it is not possible to charge the phone on some QI chargers due to the thickness of the case. Even on the QI charging station made of leather from TORRO, it does not work. Accessories - such as the Galaxy Buds - can only be charged when the case is off. Otherwise, it is really stylish and well made!
High-quality case with bulletproof glass film
A robust case with real bulletproof glass as protection for the screen in a classic design offers all-round protection for the entire iPhone 11. It fits very well and can also be easily put on. The material is pleasant to the touch and does not get dirty. A really successful and beautiful product with a very good price-performance ratio. This case gives the phone some stability. It is not too bulky and fits firmly on the phone. Overall, a good purchase.
