This document is based on the provisions of the GB/T 1.1-202 standardization work guideline, section 2: structure and drafting rules for standardization documents.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology “The Chinese Coded Character Set and GB 18030-2005, except for structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main changes are as follows:
The scope of this document has been expanded (see Chapter 1),
In the bi-byte encoding area, the positions of the GB/I 13000 code corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese components have been changed, and except for 6 repeated coding Chinese components and 9 repeated coding Chinese characters (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 version).
In the four-byte code area, 18 GB/T 13000 code positions have been changed (see Appendix D, 2005 version);
The appendix "Additional Characters and Bases/Parts" was deleted from the 2005 edition.
The level of achievement has been increased” (see draft No. 9).
The information appendix “General Standardized Character Table; Code Position of Characters” has been added. See Appendix D for details.
Please note that some of the content of this document may involve patents. The publisher of this document is not responsible for identifying patents.
This document was proposed by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China and is under its jurisdiction.
The following is the release history of this document and its predecessor documents:
The first version was published in 2000 as GB 18030-2000, and the first revision was made in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 一 2022
Information Enlargement “Chinese Encoding Character Set”
1 This document specifies the Chinese graphic characters and binary codes for information technology.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other graphic character information.
This document applies to technical products that have the function of processing and exchanging information in Chinese and other textual graphic characters, including but not limited to software products such as input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text conversion, and word processing, and convenience products such as computers, communication terminal devices, e-book readers, and learning machines.
2. Normative citations
The following documents form an integral part of this document by means of normative references contained therein.
Among them, the reference documents with a date of issue are only applicable to this document for the version corresponding to that date; the most recent factory version (including all amendments) is applicable to this document for the reference documents without a date of issue.
GB/T 2312-1980 “Character set for information exchange using Chinese characters” basic set
GB/I 11383-1989 Information Processing “Information exchange using an eight-digit code structure and encoding rules”
GB/T 13000 Information Technology Common Multi-byte Coding Character Set (UCS)
3 Terminology and definitions
The following definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character
An element in a set of elements that is used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Characters (3.1) and their encoding are shown.
3.3 Private use area
Users who use products that comply with this document can set their own regions.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by a code character (3.2) set.
3.5 Protected zone reserved zone
Leave as the area stipulated in this document in the future.
GB 18030 一 2022
4-word summary
4.1 Overview
The characters in this document are encoded in single, double, or quadruple bytes.
The single-byte part includes all 128 characters from GB/T 11383-1989, from 0x00 to 0x7F.
4.3 Two-byte part
The double-byte part includes all the graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, the CJK unified characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
The characters in the double-byte portion are defined according to Appendix A.
In particular, the graphic, code position and function of the symbolic character description should conform to the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in countries and regions such as China, Japan, and Vietnam.
Chinese characters with unique abstract shapes are assigned separate code positions; characters with the same abstract shape but different origins are assigned shared code positions.
The encoded characters are called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Four-character part
The four-byte portion includes 66 CJK unified characters (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding the 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB) from GB/T 13000, as well as characters from CJK unified characters expansion A, CJK unified characters expansion BCJK, CJK unified characters expansion C, CJK unified characters expansion DCJK, and CJK unified characters expansion F, as well as characters from ethnic minority scripts that have already been encoded in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the four-byte part are defined in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the main text, the ones preceded by 0x are in hexadecimal format, while those without 0x are in decimal format.
In the appendix, all codes are represented in hexadecimal, while other numbers are represented in decimal.
The single-byte part uses the encoding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using code points 0x00 to 0x7F.
The bi-character Gong unit uses two eight-bit binary strings to represent a character, with the first byte code ranging from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the second byte code ranging from 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE.
The four-byte part uses 0x30 and 0x39, which are not used in GB/T 11383-1989, as a suffix to expand the two-byte encoding, with the encoding range from 0x81308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The first character of a four-character word is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; the second character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39; the third character is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; and the fourth character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39. That is, 0x81308130 to 0x81308139; 0x81308230 to 0x81308239; 0x8130FEFE30 to 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 to 0x81318139; “0URo23061393 0xFE39FE30 一 0xFE39FE39。”
The overall structure and code position range allocation are shown in Fig. 1 and Table 1.
The sequence of 6 characters
6.1 Alphabetical order of individual character brushes
The single-character record section is arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 The order of arrangement of the characters in the two-character city names
The sequence of characters in the lower part of the two characters should conform to Appendix A.
6.3 The order of characters in the four-character brush section
From 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, there are 50400 code points corresponding to all characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane that are not included in the bi-byte part, arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1058400 code points are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, and the character arrangement sequence is arranged in sequence according to the corresponding code point sequence of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The order of the four-character elements should conform to Appendix C.
7-digit position allocation
1. Code allocation for single-character city names
The code positions of the single-byte part are allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
The allocation of single byte code positions is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code position allocation for the double-character part
The byte pairing arrangement is divided into two parts: 0x8140 to 0xFE7E and 0x8180 to 0xFEFE, with a total of 23940 code points.
The allocation of the two byte codes is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 code points
Two-byte 1st byte: 846 bits
SS WA and RS Binning Day 3, sector 6080, code position
First byte 0xA8~0xA9, double byte 5 area: 192 code positions
3. Two-letter vegetable part coding space structure diagram
Table 2: Code position arrangement of the bi-character hearing aid
Range of human codes
Code position allocation for the four-character brush section
The four-character part includes Chinese characters and some minority scripts.
The allocation of four-byte human codes is shown in Table 3.
The allocation of the four-byte human code positions not specified in Table 3 is described in 6.3.
Table 3: Code position arrangement of the four-character hearing department
Bit range
Table 3: Code position arrangement of the four-byte part (continued)
Bit position range Number of digits in the bit position
From 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39, there are 25200 code points for user customization.
The other four bytes of unused code are reserved for future file extensions.
8. Explanation of characters and codes
Compared with GB 18030-2005, the shape of some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General principles
This document defines three levels of implementation.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level should provide input and output functions for all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Achieve Level 1
Implement the CJK Unified Han characters at level 1 (i.e., 0x82358F33 to 0x82359636) and CJK Unified Han characters Expansion A (i.e., 0x8139EE39 to 0x82358738) in the single-byte encoding, bi-seasonal encoding, and four-character-below encoding parts of this document.
Any product covered by this document must meet the requirements of level 1.
Note: Depending on the software application requirements, level 1 can also be implemented using any one or more of the non-Chinese character types listed in Table 3.
9.3 Achieve Level 2
Level 2 includes Level 1.
In addition, it also achieves level 2 compliance with the encoding of Chinese characters not included in the General Standard Chinese Character Table.
The code positions and shapes of the characters included in the General Standardized Characters Table are shown in the appendix.
System software and supporting software should meet the requirements of level 2.
Note: System software and application software include, but are not limited to, operating systems, database management systems, and middleware (for information on the classification of software products, see GB/T 36475).
9.4 Achieve Level 3
Level 3 includes Level 2.
In addition, the level 3 realization also achieves all the characters and kanji radicals specified in this document.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of level 3.
Note: The business services and common services industry includes, but is not limited to, the railway transportation industry, road transportation industry, water transportation industry, air transportation industry, multimodal transportation and transportation agency industry, postal industry, money and financial services industry, insurance industry, land management industry, health industry, government agencies, social security industry, etc. (for information on industry classification, see GB/T 4754).
Appendix A (normative)
Two-character dictionary
A.1 Table content
This table shows the shape and code of the two-byte encoded characters, as well as the position of the corresponding code in GB/T 13000.
A.2 Explanation of the table
Here is an example:
First byte, second byte low position
2-byte 3rd sector
Second byte high position GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (prescriptive)
Symbolic description characters
This appendix includes 13 pictographic description symbols specified by GB/TI 13000, along with their graphic codes and functional descriptions.
For specific details, see Table B.1.
Table B.1: Graphic, code position, and function description of the symbolic character description
The bit positions of this document are similar but not equal to the bit positions of GB/T 13000, and are used to express a character by borrowing another character.
Left and right structure
Up-down structure
Left, center, right structure
Upper, middle, and lower structures
All-encompassing structure
Return to the encirclement structure
Return to the encirclement structure.
Right encirclement structure
Right lower encasement structure
Left lower encasement structure
Right upper encirclement structure
Rental package structure
Appendix C (normative)
Four-character book character table
C.1 Table content
This table shows the shape and code of Chinese characters and some minority scripts, as well as the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code but the position, and the shape of other characters is omitted.
Explanation of Table C.2
Appendix D (informative)
Explanation of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 positions of the GB/T 13000 code
B 18030 1 2005 specifies the temporary code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese characters in GB/I 13000, and these code positions are adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Correspondence between adjusted codes (continued)
This document and its corresponding GB 18030 一 2005 correspond to GB/T 13000 code points.
D.2 6 character components deleted in the Dianzi area
Table D.2 Code position and reserved characters
D.3 9 CJK compatible characters deleted in the bottom half of the double-byte range
This document deletes the 9 CJK ideographic characters included in GB/TI 13000 recorded in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3: Deleted 9 CJK Compatibility Characters and their code positions
Appendix A (informational) General Standardized Chinese Character Table Code Position of Chinese Characters
This document includes all 8105 standard characters from the 4 General Standard Characters Table approved by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. Their code positions and characters are shown in Table 1.
The order of Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of standard characters in the 4 General Standard Characters Table. Characters with serial numbers 1 to 3500 are first-level characters, characters with serial numbers 3501 to 6500 are second-level characters, and characters with serial numbers 6501 to 8105 are third-level characters.
Table E.1: Character shape and code position of the General Standard Characters Table
GB/ 工 4754 National Economic Industry Classification
GB/ 36475 Classification of software products
General Standard Character Table. State Council of the People’s Republic of China (National Development and Reform Commission, 2013, No. 23).
The content of this manual page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler, and is limited to explaining the meaning of options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain it, the EURo file is the authoritative document.
If you find any discrepancies between the manual pages and the software, please check the Info
If we find that the content of this manual page is causing significant confusion and complaints because it is outdated, we will stop publishing it. There is no other option, such as updating the Info file while updating the man page, because other work maintaining Gnu cc does not leave us time to do this. The GNU project believes that the man page is an outdated product and that time should be spent elsewhere.
If you need complete and up-to-date documentation, please refer to the Info file `gee' or the manual Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0). Both are derived from the original Texinfo file gee. texinfo.
The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They both require one or more of the four steps to process input files: preprocessing, compilation, assembly, and linking.
The suffix identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix controls the default settings:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C file and sets the connection in C format,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a C++ file and sets up the connection in C++ form.
The suffix in the source file indicates the type of language and the post-processing operations:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
. CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i preprocessed C file; compile, assemble
.ii Preprocessed C++ files; compilation, assembly
.s is an assembly language source program; assembly.
Compile language source programs; preprocessing, compilation
.h preprocessor file; it is usually not shown on the command line. Other files with the same name are passed to the linker. They usually include:
.0 Object file
.a Archive file
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the entire process), linking is always the final step.
During the linking phase, all the.e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, and files with unrecognizable names (including specified.o H header files and.a library files) are passed to the linker options (OPTIONS) in the order specified in the command line.
The options must be given separately: de ' is completely different from `-d -r '.
Most of the `=-E: and `-W' options have two opposite formats: `-fname' and `-fno-name' (or `-Wname' and `-Wno-name').
Only the formats that are not default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in the following sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Specify that the language of the file to be entered is language (rather than the default selection derived from the file name).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next `-x' option with the option '.language' is encountered.
Close any explicit language indication, and thus the file RE AS E ` -x' option based on the file name after processing).
If you only want to operate on a part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, linking), you can use the `-x' option (or the Ah file name) to tell GCC where to start, and `-c', `-s', or `-E' options to tell GCC where to end. Note that some combinations of options (for example, `-x cpp-output -E') tell GCC to compile or assemble the source file, ETER. ERA ATI, by default, GCC changes the source file name to `.ec' by using `.o'. You can use the `-o' option to choose other names. GCC ignores any input file name that cannot be recognized after `-ec'.
The target file has been deleted.
After compilation, it stops and does not compile the assembly.
Work is done using pipes instead of temporary files at different stages of the compilation process, because the assemblers of those systems cannot read data from pipes. The assembler of GNU does not have this problem. The C "dialect" that the assembler can accept: it supports C programs that conform to the ANSI standard.
This will close off some features in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as features such as the ANSI trigraph features that are rarely used, such as unix and vax, and prohibit the use of standard libraries even when they are available (in a hosted environment) and the main function returns an int value, as in typical examples such as almost all programs except for the kernel. The corresponding independent environment (freestanding environment) does not have a standard library, and the program entry point is not necessarily main. The most obvious example is the operating system kernel. For more information, refer to the latest information on the gcc website.
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', handle them in the C style - that is, do not specify the number or type of parameters. (This applies only to C++).
Normally, a function foo like this in C++ means that the parameters are empty.
The section on the checklist is here where some aspects are attempted to be supported by traditional C compilers.
See the NU c manual for details, which we have removed so that people won't HERI when the content becomes outdated.
There is one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing this to be assigned.
It is the same as the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional C preprocessor.
In particular, the above refers to the preprocessor, but does not include other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of `$' characters in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the `-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to indicate that the use of `$' is prohibited.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' symbol by default on some target systems, but not on all systems.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversions from ant types to enumeration types (MEF C++).
Normally, GNU C++ allows the conversion from enum to int, but not the other way around.
-fexternal-—templates generates smaller code for template declarations (only for C++), by creating a copy of each template function only where it is defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark `#pragma implementation` (define) or `#pragma interface` (declare) in all files that use the template.
When compiling with the `-fexternal-templates' option, all template instantiations are external types. You must make the necessary instances appear in the implementation files.
This can be achieved through typedef, which references each instance as needed.
Correspondingly, if the default option `-fno-extern-templates` is used during compilation, all template instances are explicitly set as built-in.
All member functions (except for constructor functions and the mnew or delete member operators) are considered virtual functions of the class in which they are declared.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal vtable.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch allows the types of the second and third parameters of the conditional expression to be different.
The value of this kind of expression is Void.-fthis-—is-variable, which allows you to assign a value to this (only for C++).
Merging the user's custom free storage management mechanism into C++ makes the assignable `this` out of place.
Therefore, by default, the assignment of this inside a class member function is invalid.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this operation work by using the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, like unsigned char.
All machines have their own default char type, which may be unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, when relying on symbolic data, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned char.
However, many programs are written using only simple chars, and this is with a signed number (or unsigned, depending on the target machine on which the program is written).
This option, and its inverse, make such a program work on the corresponding default value.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If no `signed' or `unsigned' modifiers are explicitly declared, these options are used to define a signed or unsigned bit field.
By default, the positional fields are signed because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed. However, if the `-traditional' option is specified, the positional fields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in a writable data segment and does not perform any special treatment.
This is to maintain compatibility with some old programs, and they consider changing the string constant to be a very bad idea, and the `-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive summary
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
Its impact may be similar to the economic crisis in 2008.
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, this disease has overwhelmed healthcare services, leading to near collapse, and the restrictions imposed by governments have caused serious disruption to the global economy.
The impact of the epidemic on the drug market is unclear and difficult to predict, but it could be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers may be forced to find new routes and methods due to travel restrictions.
The patterns of drug use and supply may change, and the government's ability to respond may be hindered.
The changes brought about by COVID-19 are unprecedented, but we can still learn from past crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances and switched to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut budgets related to drugs.
If governments respond to the current economic recession in the same way, interventions and detoxification treatment services to prevent drug use and related risky behaviors may be severely affected.
In addition, the priority of interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Some countries have a large amount of drugs smuggled through commercial flights, and it is expected that these countries will be most directly affected by drug trafficking activities.
Messengers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in their backpacks or hide them in their personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. With restrictions on air travel in place almost everywhere, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs may be completely disrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, activities involving the use of the dark web and parcel post for trafficking may increase.
In the long run, the economic recession and related lockdown measures could disrupt the drug market.
Due to the rising unemployment rate and lack of opportunities, impoverished and vulnerable people are more likely to use drugs in a harmful way, develop drug addiction, and turn to illicit activities related to drugs, whether it be production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable people and recruit new members to strengthen their ranks.
As the government's capacity to respond decreases, these changes are likely to take root quickly, becoming the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth model partly explains the reason for market expansion
Drug addiction is increasing worldwide, both in terms of the overall number of addicts and the proportion of addicts in the world's population.
In 2009, it was estimated that there were 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64. In 2018, it was estimated that there were 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3% of this population.
Over the past two decades, the growth of drug use in developing countries has been much faster than in developed countries.
This to some extent reflects the differences in overall population growth during this period, 7% for developed countries and 28% for developing countries, but also reflects the faster growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population in this age group in developing countries grew by 16%, while it decreased by 10% in developed countries.
Urbanization is a driving factor in the current and future drug markets.
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more prevalent in urban areas than in rural areas.
Part of the reason for the overall increase in drug use is the massive shift of the population from rural to urban areas, with more than half of the world's population now living in urban areas, compared to 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, especially in developing countries where urbanization is more pronounced.
The increase in wealth is associated with an increase in drug use, but the burden of disease is greatest among the poorest people worldwide, and drug use is more common in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are even more firmly associated with the world's wealthier regions.
Similarly, within each country, the drug addiction rate is higher among the wealthy social classes.
However, the rate of conversion to drug addiction is higher among people with lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a few countries shows that there is a link between harmful drug use patterns and low income and disease.
These patterns seem less common in wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks faced by the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as an increase in unemployment, have traditionally been associated with an increase in drug use, but this pandemic has already forced millions of people worldwide out of work.
The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to further expansion of the drug market. The pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in the cultivation of illicit crops, either because the state authorities' control capacity has decreased or because more people may be forced to take risks and engage in illicit activities in the face of economic crises.
The related restrictions on air and land transportation due to COVID-19 have likely led to an increase in maritime trafficking, which is less risky and involves larger quantities than air or land smuggling.
Recently, there have been reports that cocaine is being transported directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Complexity increased.
The appearance of non-internationally controlled substances has stabilized, but new types of opioids with potential harm are increasing, and the drug market is becoming more complex.
In addition to plant substances such as marijuana, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of drugs is also rapidly increasing.
There are about 500 new active substances on the domestic market in member countries every year.
Currently, the majority of them are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid agonists and a small amount of opioids.
Although the total number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
Of the total number of new psychoactive substances identified in 2014, only 2% were new psychoactive substances of the opioid type, but by 2018 this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances in the opioid family are similar to fentanyl, and their effects and dangers have been proven, leading to overdose deaths in North America and other regions, but to a lesser extent.
In North America, fentanyl is used as an adulterant in heroin and other drugs (including cocaine and methamphetamine), and is also used to manufacture counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
Some evidence suggests that there is also injection of new psychoactive substances in Europe: a study of waste residues from syringes in six European cities found that many syringes were contaminated with new psychoactive substances that have a stimulating effect.
The use of new psychoactive substances may gradually become entrenched in vulnerable groups.
New psychoactive substances of a single type have almost never formed a large market.
However, evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
22 countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with synthetic cannabinoids identified as the main challenge in most of these countries.
The regulation of precursor chemicals has forced drug makers to innovate. Many chemicals that were previously used as precursors to synthesize amphetamines, methamphetamines and "ecstasy" have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and manufacturers have been looking for alternatives, not only substances with less regulation, but also chemicals specifically designed to evade regulation, known as "specially designed precursors."
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to put further pressure on drug manufacturers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico shows that this has become a reality: in March 2020, a shortage of methylphenidate precursors imported from East Asia reportedly led to a rise in the price of methylphenidate in Mexico and the United States.
The market is constantly changing.
Synthetic drugs have replaced opioids in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opioid market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation seems to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The quantity of opiates intercepted by the authorities of the Russian Federation has decreased by about 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for opiate use has decreased significantly.
However, the market for performance-enhancing drugs seems to be growing.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including ephedrine and a-pyrrolidinopentiophenone, are now readily available on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities reported that the number of secret manufacturing sites for various illicit drugs seized recently has risen sharply, more than doubling in two years, reaching 152 sites in 2018.
Methamphetamine markets in Afghanistan and Iraq are growing
As early as 2012, surveys of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions had already revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal methamphetamine has become another major drug of concern, in addition to "fenethylline" and qumador.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug users saying that marijuana was harder to obtain than "fentanyl" or methamphetamine.
Recently, Iraqi authorities have discovered multiple methamphetamine processing sites, and the International Narcotics Control Board has expressed concern about the large-scale importation of pseudoephedrine drugs, which are used as precursors in methamphetamine processing.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacturing seems to have started in 2014.
Since then, seizures of methamphetamine have been steadily increasing.
However, the seizure volume in the first half of 2019 was 657 kg - a significant increase compared to the previous year.
Large quantities of methamphetamine believed to originate from Afghanistan have been seized in other countries, indicating that production in that country is rapidly increasing.
Policy changes and trends of change
The majority of jurisdictions that have legalized the non-medical use of cannabis have seen an increase in its use.
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay, and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since it was legalized, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical cannabis use.
In Colorado and Washington, the two states in the United States that first passed legislation on the issue, the number of adults using marijuana for non-medical purposes has increased, especially in the past month and on a daily or almost daily basis, and has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that marijuana use has increased in Uruguay since 2011, and last month it almost doubled.
This indicates that the main reason for the increase is the regular and frequent use of cannabis.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, use was also increasing.
However, in 2019, 40% of marijuana users still obtained some products from illegal sources.
Is the reason behind the sharp drop in global cannabis herb seizures the legalization of cannabis?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years, due to a decline in seizures in North America, which fell by 84% over the past 10 years.
In comparison, seizures in other parts of the world have almost doubled during the same period. The pattern of seizures indicates that policies aimed at liberalizing the marijuana market have played a key role in this decline.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances seems to have a deterrent effect, but it is still difficult to assess the effectiveness of the regulation of new psychoactive substances in China.
Some countries that have different regulatory systems for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of use of new psychoactive substances.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased after the adoption of domestic legislation.
Weak groups face harm from both legal and illegal drug markets. Medicinal opioids used for pain management and palliative care are mainly provided in high-income countries. The distribution of painkillers is uneven across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all opioids available for medical use were in high-income countries.
Approximately 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
The population of these countries accounts for about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that the population of low-income and middle-income countries accounts for 88% of the global population, but the consumption of pharmaceutical opioids accounts for less than 10%.
Obstacles to obtaining prescription opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, the health system, and prescription practices.
People from poorer backgrounds are more at risk of drug addiction. In 2018, around 35.6 million people were addicted to drugs.
Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug addiction and exacerbate its consequences. This has been confirmed by research in high-income countries, where individual socio-economic trajectories are not only related to their status at a particular point in time, but also to the risk of drug addiction.
Drug addiction also deepens socio-economic disadvantage, further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thereby fueling a vicious cycle. These outcomes may also be related to the stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, diverse sexual orientation groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and people living in rural areas may also be disproportionately affected by drug addiction or face problems in accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy years of life lost due to disability and premature death, harmful drug use has had a wider social impact over the past 10 years.
From 2007 to 2018, the global disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) attributable to drug use increased by 17%.
The increase in the number of years of life with a disability associated with hepatocellular carcinoma caused by untreated hepatitis C among injecting drug users is particularly high - up to 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex and it is difficult to establish a causal relationship between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggests that intoxication may be a significant factor in homicides.
But in violent incidents, the role of alcohol seems to be greater than that of drugs.
Although drug use may lead to crime, in some cases this link can be attributed in part to a range of intervening factors, such as socio-economic disadvantage, and other types of adversity arising from individual risk, family environment and peer influences.
The connection between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, can be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the existence and degree of violence is more dependent on changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized crime groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group and strengthen another. Rather than on the quantity of trafficking.
Latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most dangerous.
It is estimated that 192 million people used marijuana in 2018, making it the most widely used drug in the world.
By comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
However, the related risks of opioids are ignored due to their low use.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug abuse in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances, and 50% of the estimated 21 million years of life lost due to disability or premature death caused by drug abuse were caused by these substances.
The non-medical use of synthetic opioids has exacerbated the public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, the crisis is aggravated by methadone; in North America, it is fentanyl. These two regions have almost nothing in common in terms of economic, demographic, or general drug use patterns, but they are both struggling to combat the crisis of opioids, which are easily obtainable and have low production costs.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in opioid overdose deaths over the past 20 years.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada also reported similar results, but with lower numbers.
Part of the reason that fentanyl causes overdose deaths is the unpredictable potency of fentanyl in the illicit drug market.
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, the market for non-medical use of khat has grown significantly.
In the region, more and more patients with the disease are receiving treatment with Qumado.
In 2017, the global seizure of fentanyl increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.
However, in 2018, after India passed a new law to regulate ketamine, global seizures fell to 32 tons.
The crises in these two locations were caused by the manufacture of simple and low-cost products, as well as the lack of international regulation of ketamine and many other similar substances or their precursors.
The supply of these substances in both the pharmaceutical and illegal markets has worsened the crisis in these regions, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
The use of stimulants is increasing.
The field of stimulants is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are increasingly used in their main markets.
In 2018, there were approximately 19 million people who used cocaine, as cocaine is very popular in North America and Western Europe.
About 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most commonly used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to the majority of indicators available, the use of methamphetamine has been expanding in these two regions for the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist and sometimes even substitute each other. When the use of one drug increases, the use of the other decreases, and sometimes both increase and decrease simultaneously to meet the demands of the same market.
COVID-19 increases the risk for injecting drug users
It is estimated that there were about 11.3 million people who injected drugs in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drugs.
More than 1 million injection drug users are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million people have hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died from drug addiction, half of whom died from liver disease caused by hepatitis B. Most of the hepatitis B infections among intravenous drug users have not been treated.
The shortage of opioids caused by the COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to substitute them with more easily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injecting or injecting more frequently, more harmful use patterns may emerge.
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Instructions for use
Product introduction
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it in a safe place.
The headphones themselves come with a medium-sized earplug, which can be removed if you feel uncomfortable.
01 Wearing headphones
Gently push the earbuds downwards and into your ear canal, making sure the headphones do not move.
When talking on the phone, the microphone of the headset should be positioned near the mouth for clearer communication.
When switching to speaker mode, please remember to adjust the microphone to face you.
Before using the device, please tear off the plastic film from the charging points on the left and right earphones, and fully charge the charging box and earphones.
The charging cable can be inserted to charge both the headphones and the charging case at the same time.
The charging indicator light remains on when the charging box is not fully charged, and turns off when the box is fully charged.
While charging the headphones, the indicator light on the headphones will be on continuously, indicating that the headphones are fully charged. The indicator light will turn off 1 minute after being on.
02 Charging and booting up
The headphones are inside the charging case, and they automatically turn on when you take them out of the case.
The headphones are not in the charging case and have been turned off. Press and hold the multifunction button for about 1 second (the white light will be on for 1 second).
Hold for about 1 second.
White light is on for 1 second.
Shutdown.
Insert it into the charging case, and the earphones will automatically turn off.
In the on state, press and hold the multifunction key for about 5 seconds (red light is on for 2 seconds)
Hold for about 5 seconds.
People's Red Light is on for 2 hours.
03 Start using it
Automatic connection: the station connects the two headphones to the charging box when taken out.
The two GTOs started automatically, and the white lights lit up.
Then the red and white lights flickered six times. The left and right pouches seemed to be connected.
Wait for the left/right earphones to flash white. Open the device and search for “RedmIArDots2” and click “OK”.
After the initial connection, the Fanqi can automatically reconnect to the last paired device (Bluetooth must be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the headphones back in the charging case and repeat the above steps.
Long press for about 1 second to turn on the device.
Headphone indicator light
Freely switch between one ear and two ears; when both earphones are connected, they are in dual-connect mode; when you put either earphone back into the charging case, the other earphone enters single-ear mode, and it will automatically switch back to dual-ear mode when you take it out again.
Manual connection: Turn on the earphones manually when they are turned off. The white light will turn on, followed by the red and white flashing lights. The left and right earphones will be automatically connected. Wait for the white light on the left and right earphones to flash slowly, and then open the device’s Bluetooth search connection.
Resetting the headphones
If the headphones cannot be connected and used normally, please reset them according to the following method.
Headphones: Remove the charging case and, while the device is turned off, press and hold the multifunction button on both headphones for 15 seconds. Release the buttons and put the headphones back in the charging case (this will clear the pairing record between the headphones and the phone). The red and white lights will flash three times.
04 The product accessories, user interface, and other illustrations in the manual are for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the illustrations. Please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Fengxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi ecosystem enterprises)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongli District, Chongqing
Phone number: 400-100-5678
For information related to Benyang Operation, please visit the sales website: www.micom
The inscription reads: V10reae
Key features
The following functions can be operated on both earphones. When a call comes in, answer the call by pressing lightly; when on a call or playing music, press and hold for about 1 second to play/pause the audio.
When a call comes in, reject the call and switch to the headphones/mobile phone by double-clicking.
Turn on/off the silent mode during a call
When idle, activate the voice assistant (if your device supports voice functions and the quick wake-up setting is turned on)
Answer the second call and switch the calls
When you are on a phone call, you can click the multifunction key to keep the previous call or answer the second call by clicking the multifunction key twice.
Basic parameters
Product name: Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Product model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the headphones
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameters: 5V, 200mA
Single ear weight: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5.0
Charging time: approximately 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Talk time: approximately 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
Warning
1 Do not disassemble, repair or modify the headphones for any reason, as this may cause a fire or even completely damage the product;
2 Do not place the device in an environment with low or high temperatures;
3 When using the device's indicator light, please avoid directing it at the eyes of children or animals;
4 Do not use the device in thunderstorms, as thunderstorms can cause the device to malfunction and increase the risk of electric shock;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to clean this product;
6 Do not allow the product to come into contact with liquids.
Note
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 It is necessary to choose a charging cable produced by a regular manufacturer and certified by the national CCC certification.
3 Long-term continuous use of headphones can damage hearing, so please control the use time and volume reasonably;
4 Using headphones may reduce your ability to hear external sounds. Please do not use headphones in environments that may pose a safety risk.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5, 500mA
Output parameters: 5V, 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Warranty Notice
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones product after-sales service is strict
We provide after-sales service in accordance with the “Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests” and the “Law of the People’s Republic of China on Product Quality”, and the service content is as follows:
1. Warranty Policy
1. Within 7 days from the day after you receive the product, if the product exhibits any performance defects listed in the “Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Defect Table”, and is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can enjoy free return or exchange service;
2. Within 8-15 days from the day after you receive the product, if the product exhibits performance defects listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Defect Table”, and is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, then
Within 12 months from the day after you receive the product, if the product exhibits a performance defect listed in the “Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Defect Table”, and is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can enjoy free repair services.
A product performance failure table for Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Name Performance Failure
1. There is no sound during use.
The Bluetooth headset “2” has no sound during the call.
It cannot be charged.
07 Warranty Exemption Regulations
1 Unauthorized repairs, misuse, collision, negligence, improper use, filling, accidents, modifications, incorrect use of non-original accessories or tearing, altering or defacing the labels or anti-counterfeiting marks;
2. It has exceeded the validity period of three packages;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4. Not in line with the performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Fault Table”
5. The product and its accessories may experience performance defects listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Defect Table” due to human factors.
Name and content of harmful substances in the product
The harmful substances in this table are compiled in accordance with SJ/T 11364.
O: indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates refugee policy; EU officials: reception process faces bottlenecks - www.chinanews.com
The EU summit is in constant disagreement over refugee policies, and EU officials say that every step in the reception process is a bottleneck.
[Reporter of the Global Times stationed in Belgium, Ni Ruifeng] According to a report by AFP on February 10, at the latest EU summit on that day, the President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, said that the EU leaders agreed to adopt stricter policies on illegal immigration, making it easier to expel illegal immigrants.
It is reported that this move by the EU is a response to the growing problem of illegal immigration in Europe, and the core issue of the EU now is that the number of illegal immigrants who can ultimately be repatriated is very small.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize a large amount of EU funds" to strengthen external borders with infrastructure and surveillance measures.
However, the EU and its member states have been arguing over issues such as the cost of the fence.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly stated that EU funds will not cover the costs.
However, some diplomats from member countries said that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, observation towers, and other infrastructure along its external borders, this would free up national budgets and speed up the construction process.
The European Euractiv website states that EU officials admit that every step in the process of accepting refugees is fraught with difficulties. The limited capacity for accepting refugees and the overburdened immigration authorities in member states cannot stop refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications in EU countries, and the EU's refugee acceptance system is in a state of near-permanent crisis.
According to the European Commission, the Schengen countries in the EU received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, nearly half more than the previous year.
At the same time, the EU recorded over 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries can deport illegal immigrants back to their home countries based on a court ruling of another member country.
In addition, the report states that EU leaders have also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of safe countries", which will pave the way for the EU to establish a common list.
(Source: The Global Times, author: Ni Ruifeng)
The United States' escalation of the "chip war" deals a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry - www.chinanews.com
Recently, the United States' "chip war" with China has been escalating - first, the Netherlands and Japan, under pressure from the United States, agreed to launch controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; later, foreign media reported that the US government is considering cutting off all ties between US suppliers and Huawei, prohibiting US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to announce an executive order to limit US investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries... As soon as the new year begins in 2023, the United States will continue to use bad tactics to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its efforts to suppress China's "chip" development. While it has accurately suppressed the semiconductor supply chain in China, it has also built a "de-China" alliance for the semiconductor industry, aiming to completely "leave China behind" in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to form a "technology alliance" with South Korea or a "semiconductor alliance" with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, or to establish a "semiconductor industry circle" through the Quadrilateral Mechanism of the United States, Japan, India and Australia, or the "Indo-Pacific Economic Framework", the United States is trying to build a closed supply chain by introducing political, partisan and weaponized means into the semiconductor industry, thereby making up for its shortcomings in the field of semiconductor manufacturing and maintaining its leading position in the global semiconductor industry.
However, the United States' aggressive "chip warfare" against China is also "injuring the enemy while harming oneself".
Recently, the well-known chip manufacturing equipment supplier, the Panlin Group, announced that due to the latest round of export bans on Chinese chip manufacturing equipment, the group will lay off 1,300 full-time employees and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
The Dutch ASML, a global leader in lithography machines, recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to a rise in semiconductor prices.
According to American media analysis, after the US government imposed harsh sanctions on the semiconductor and other industries in China, many American companies were affected, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, manufacturers of wafer manufacturing equipment, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The United States claims to suppress China's advanced semiconductor industry, but it has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has long formed a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain.
According to estimates by professionals, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross national borders more than 70 times, and the entire process takes 100 days.
Although the semiconductor industry in the United States is relatively strong, it is weak in terms of manufacturing capabilities, especially advanced process technologies, and is heavily dependent on the East Asian region.
Even if the United States tries to steer the advanced chip supply chain towards the "closed circle" regional development dominated by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor industry will be difficult to change.
The United States has vigorously “reformed” the semiconductor industry chain to “de-China” it, causing great harm to the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the future industry globally, and the development of the chip industry cannot be achieved without the joint participation of all countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively issuing the Innovation and Competition Act, the American Competition Act of 2022, and the Chips and Science Act, using technological hegemony to consolidate its technological superiority; it has also used "carrots and sticks" to coerce chip manufacturing companies such as Intel, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, and Samsung to set up factories in the United States, in order to ensure the country's global leadership in the field of chips.
In the short term, the United States has indeed created trouble for China's semiconductor industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.
In the long run, however, the United States' excessive pressure will force China's semiconductor industry to continue to break through, causing the United States to lose a huge Chinese market, ultimately weakening the innovation drive and innovation capabilities of American technology companies, and damaging the development of the global semiconductor industry.
Gao Jiao
First batch of personal pension investment products launched, with a minimum holding period of 360 days - www.chinanews.com
The first personal pension investment products are on sale
7 products are available for home institutions, with the shortest holding period of only 360 days.
Personal pension investment products have finally been launched.
On February 10, China Finance Network released the first list of personal pension investment products, and 7 personal pension investment products from Bank of China Finance, Agricultural Bank of China Finance and China Postal Savings were officially launched.
Up to this point, the “shelves” of personal pension accounts have finally been filled with four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension investment, personal pension insurance, and publicly-traded personal pension funds.
It was reported that the first batch of personal pension investment products are all publicly traded net asset value open-end products, including 5 newly issued products and 2 existing products. Except for one product that is a mixed type product, the remaining 6 products are all fixed income products.
The reporter from Beijing Youth Daily saw that 4 out of the 5 new products were from Bank of China Wealth Management, all of which were fixed-income products with holding periods of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days, respectively, and corresponding performance benchmarks (annualized) of 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, and 5.25% - 5.75%.
The remaining new product is “Postal Savings Wealth Add Yi Huangjin Hongjin No. 1”, which is also a fixed-income product. It began collecting funds on February 10 and ended on February 19. Its risk level is level 2.
Of the two surviving products, one is Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management’s “Agricultural Bank of China Unity·Dynamic” 360-day technology innovation RMB wealth management product, which is of a mixed nature and has a risk level of three.
Another surviving product is “Postal Savings Wealth Add Yi Huangjin Hongjin No. 1, a fixed-income product that began collecting funds on December 30 last year and officially started operating on January 4 this year. Its cumulative net value on February 8 was 1.0011.
According to the Opinions of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Individual Pension Insurance, the funds in the personal pension account can be invested in financial products such as bank wealth management products, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, and publicly offered funds.
The launch of the first personal pension investment products marks the official start of personal pension investors being able to purchase investment products through their personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the Provisional Measures for the Management of Individual Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Asset Management Companies.
The Measures stipulate that participants can purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension investment products, personal pension insurance products, and publicly offered personal pension fund products through their personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice, clarifying that the individual pension system will be implemented in 36 pilot cities and regions, including Beijing, Tianjin, and the Xiongan New Area in Hebei, as well as Jincheng in Shanxi.
As of the end of 2022, there were 19.54 million participants in individual pension plans, with 6.13 million people paying premiums, for a total of 14.2 billion yuan in premiums.
Previously, banks participating in the pilot only offered three types of products: personal retirement savings, personal retirement insurance products, and publicly traded retirement funds.
Now that personal pension investment products have arrived, how should investors choose?
According to experts from the product development department of ICBC Wealth Management, compared with other personal pension products, the pilot phase of pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products both have three characteristics.
First, it is stable, with a more robust risk management mechanism, more stable investment strategies and principles, and the implementation of independent third-party custody by non-parent banks.
Secondly, it is long-term. The duration of the pilot period for the long-term care financial products is 5 years or more. In the future, the holding period for individual pension financial products will be a minimum of 1 year, and holding for more than 3 years is encouraged.
Third, it is inclusive. The purchase threshold for products is low, with a starting point of 1 yuan, and some as low as 0.01 yuan. The custody fees, management fees, and other fees for the products are even more affordable.
Professionals point out that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the product and their own risk tolerance.
Individual retirement savings have the characteristics of long-term duration, high interest rates, and high safety, which are suitable for people with low risk tolerance; individual retirement insurance products focus on protection and are more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; while individual retirement investment products and publicly offered fund products do not guarantee returns, but have certain investment risks and higher expected returns, which are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk tolerance.
Written by reporter Cheng Gai of this newspaper, coordinated by Peng Haipao
The fitness industry should overcome the crisis of trust - www.chinanews.com
Another large gym “defaults”?
Recently, the issue of member rights protection at the well-known fitness center, Zhongjian Fitness, has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not operating normally, and subsequently, rumors about the closure and disappearance of the agency caused panic among members, leading to the involvement of public security and human resources departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the agency came forward to respond, promising to work hard to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the storm eventually subsided.
Some gyms have temporarily closed due to operational problems, and consumers could have waited calmly for the problems to be resolved. Why is the first reaction of many members to this situation “something is wrong”?
The controversy over the rights of members of fitness clubs is a symptom of a deeper problem of trust in the industry.
Domestic traditional gyms generally adopt a prepaid model, and “making money from customers who don’t come” is the underlying logic of their development.
By obtaining cash flow through the pre-sale of membership cards and opening new stores, it seems that the cycle can be repeated, but in reality, it is like eating the rice of others, and it is impossible to form a stable profit model.
Negative news about gyms closing down and other industries is being reported frequently, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
In terms of market prospects, gyms are certainly a good business with a “promising future”.
Although the fitness industry has its ups and downs, it has always been a focus of capital.
Multiple data show that the popularity of cultural and sports consumption, among other areas, is rising, and the market is continuing to recover.
Specifically in the fitness market, as the standard of living of residents steadily improves, the concept of a healthy lifestyle has become deeply ingrained in people’s minds, and the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, some institutions are overly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery in consumption, having just emerged from the crisis, and are sounding the call to expand, throwing all their financing into new store construction.
It cannot be denied that in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn due to the impact of the pandemic, and the industry has undergone a reshuffle. At this time, powerful enterprises choose to increase their acquisition efforts and reorganize, which is undoubtedly a new opportunity.
However, in order for the fitness market to develop and enter a virtuous cycle, and to embark on a steady and prosperous path, the industry must change its traditional model and business strategy.
Only by persevering and rebuilding consumer trust and security can we truly win the market and win the future.
Compared to the aggressive market capture of Big Chill, what the fitness industry currently needs is to calm down and optimize its services, and to stabilize users through high-quality development.
First of all, we need to rely on services to retain users.
Gyms belong to the service industry, and their essence is to adhere to the "user-oriented" approach, focusing on the needs of users and improving the quality of services.
Secondly, digital transformation is necessary to improve user experience.
For example, the popular Internet gym model allows users to pay per session and choose their own location.
At the same time, the use of body data and movement data can effectively meet social needs and achieve a complete service loop from online to offline.
Without private sales pitches and huge annual fees, users' concerns about gyms "running away" have been reduced, and their trust has been improved.
In addition, we must actively explore multiple business models.
Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from a single service to a scenario-based consumption, and fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption. Surrounding products such as sports supplements and fitness equipment required for exercise may become a new source of profit, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianjie
Buy cheap and return the difference!
Nanjing real estate market sees “price compensation” again - www.chinanews.com
Report from Yangzi Evening News (reporter: Ma Zhuopo), Yangzi Evening News/Zi Niu News reporter found during an interview on the 10th that the "guaranteed price agreement" that had not been seen for more than a decade has returned to the Nanjing real estate market. A property in the Jiangbei New Area claims "difference compensation", where the discount for other properties is greater than the previous discount before the handover, and the developer is willing to exchange homes with buyers and refund the difference.
The conditions of the “protection agreement” are not few.
The property, located in Jiangbei New District, is called Poli Yanzi Cuiyun Tai, and the person looking at the property, Mr. Sun, told the reporter that he found a “statement” during his visit to the property last weekend.
The pictures he sent to the reporter show that the developer of the property promised that if the purchase was made between February 1 and February 28, the developer would exchange the purchased property for another property with a higher discount (limited to other unsold properties that belong to the same floor plan, the same building, the same unit, and the same type of property) from the date of signing the purchase contract until the corresponding property is delivered, and the developer would refund the difference.
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this was actually a “price protection agreement” aimed at reassuring buyers that they did not need to worry about the developer lowering the price for promotional purposes. “Now, we are afraid that the price will be lowered after we buy it, and we won’t have time to go to the sales office to complain. If we don’t complain, it will indeed be a relief”.
Many home buyers also believe that the “price guarantee agreement” is a way to reassure buyers, but the conditions are not bad.
Ms. Zheng, who intends to buy a house for her basic needs in Jingbei, said that the properties with guarantees must first of all be of the same type and in the same building and unit. There are very few properties for buyers to compare, so the “threshold” is quite high.
Some buyers also believe that due to information asymmetry, it is not impossible that additional discounts will be given during the sale, making it difficult for buyers to "stand up for their rights".
Whether or not it will be possible to retain home buyers remains to be seen.
The reporter searched for the property on the Nanjing online real estate website and found that the project sold 252 units in two buildings in November last year, with floor areas of 105 square meters, 114 square meters, and 129 square meters, and the average selling price for fully furnished units was 39,843 yuan/square meter.
However, more than two months have passed, and online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the project is currently 157, accounting for 62.3%, of which 80 units are in Building 8, with a total of 113 unsold units, and 44 units in Building 7 are also unsold; the total number of units sold in the project is only 33, accounting for only 13%.
Market insiders explained that "guaranteed price agreements" had also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, the Luguang West Yard project on Huangshan Road in Heqing County launched a "guarantee plan" to attract buyers. The specific content of the plan was "the company solemnly promises that if the discount range of the project is expanded within a year, the company will refund the difference to the old owners according to the difference."
After that, in April 2011, nine properties in Nanjing also promised to compensate for the difference in price by offering a portion of their available properties.
“The property market is recovering, and we need a ‘stimulant’ at this time.
“Mr. Shen, a senior real estate operator in Nanjing, said that ‘price guarantee agreements’ are also one of the marketing methods of real estate companies.
He believes that developers need more confidence than home buyers at present, and the introduction of the "price guarantee agreement" is actually intended to boost their confidence.
As for whether the buyers will stay, he said that it depends on the impact of multiple factors such as the control policies and loan thresholds, and it is still to be observed at this time.
Multiple data declines, Taiwan's economic performance in the first quarter is poor - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Taipei February 11 (Reporters Zhao Bo and Huang Yan) The export trade volume has been “five consecutive months of contraction”, the Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) has contracted for seven consecutive months, and the Consumer Price Index (CPI) has seen “three-digit inflation”… Recently, the Taiwan authorities have successively released economic data for January 2023.
Experts analyzed that Taiwan's economy had a poor start to the year and faces significant growth pressure.
According to the Taiwan authorities' department in charge of finance, Taiwan's exports amounted to US$31.51 billion in January this year, a year-on-year decrease of 21.2%, marking the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export volume of 11 major export commodities has declined compared to the same period last year.
Rubber and plastic products and optical instruments fell the most, with year-on-year declines of 37.6% and 35.7%, respectively.
Exports of electronic components decreased by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decline in 11 years.
Among them, the annual decline in integrated circuits was 18.3%, the largest drop in 14 years.
According to Cai Meina, the head of the statistics department, this shows the weakening demand effect in the consumer electronics industry, and that the industry is entering a period of adjustment.
Statistics show that in January, imports and exports of Taiwan fell simultaneously, with outbound shipments amounting to only US$2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The Taiwan authorities responsible for financial affairs believe that global end-demand has decreased, and the adjustment of industry inventory has suppressed the willingness of manufacturers to purchase materials. The export slump is unlikely to improve in the short term, and Taiwan's exports in the first quarter of this year are expected to decline more than anticipated.
According to the Taiwan China Economic Research Institute, the Taiwan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) was 40.4% in January this year, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, and has contracted for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring indicator system, the PMI is set at 50% as the demarcation line, and an index greater than 50% represents economic expansion, while a lower index represents contraction.
In January, among the five components of the Taiwan PMI, new orders, production and human employment contracted, supplier delivery time decreased, and inventory contracted.
All six industries returned PMI contraction, with the order of contraction speed being the electricity and machinery industry (35.1%), the electronic and optical industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotech medical industry (39.2%), the basic raw material industry (42.4%), the transportation industry (42.6%) and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the "Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics" of the Taiwan authorities announced that the CPI of Taiwan in January this year was 3.04%, breaking through 3% for the second time since July last year.
Among them, the price of vegetables soared by 28.25%, setting a new high in 17 months.
Cai Zhihong, a special commissioner of the Taiwan “Office of the Chief Accountant”, admitted that the increase in vegetable prices was indeed beyond expectations, excluding the factors of the Chinese New Year. The average CPI in January and February of this year should be close to 2.71% of last December, and inflation pressure still exists and is at a high level.
Looking ahead to Taiwan's economy this year, experts are pessimistic, based on reports from domestic media outlets such as the United Daily News and Yahoo Finance.
According to analysis by Wu Daijiang, a professor of economics at “Central University” in Taiwan, the decline in exports may cause problems with cash flow for export manufacturers, and increase the risk of debt default.
At the same time, the reduction in orders leads to a reduction in labor costs for manufacturers, which affects the labor market and household economics, and in turn affects consumer capacity.
According to Chiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, the inflation situation in Europe and the United States has not improved, and demand continues to shrink. It is estimated that the decline in Taiwanese exports will continue into the first half of the year.
Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, and as exports are affected by the slowdown, the economic growth performance for the whole year will be lower than last year.
“An important engine for global recovery” - chinanews.com
“In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Chinese economy has shown great resilience.
Recent market expectations indicate that the international community generally has a positive outlook on China's future development.
"José Luis, a well-known Chinese expert and honorary consultant of China Policy Watch, said in an interview with our reporter that the current phase of China's epidemic prevention and control has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further unleashed.
Liu said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China has calmly responded with remarkable economic governance experience and measures, fully demonstrating its economic resilience and management level.
While China is firmly committed to expanding its opening up to the outside world, the internal driving force of economic development is continuously strengthening, with state-owned enterprises and private enterprises developing in tandem.
Every year, the National People's Congress is held in China, where delegates discuss the country's development plans and hot-button issues related to the people's livelihoods, and broadly consolidate consensus, unite people's hearts and minds, and pool wisdom, adding strength to China's development.
“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered the stage of high-quality development.
The international community expects China's wisdom and China's solutions, and expects China's development to bring new opportunities to the world.
"At present, China is making every effort to promote technological innovation and inject new impetus into economic and social development," said Reos. "Investment, talent training, and policy incentives have made China continue to be full of vitality in its new five-year plan."
In the eyes of Liu, economic system reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has made use of the advantages of the market economy while also making use of the superiority of the socialist system, and has taken proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Around the strategic base of expanding domestic demand, we will strengthen financial support for the real economy, support the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, and manufacturing industries, adhere to innovation-driven development, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the diverse consumption needs of the people. By fully, accurately, and comprehensively implementing the new development concept, China will strive to promote high-quality development and build a new development pattern, which will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the proposal for the Belt and Road Initiative.
“The stabilization and recovery of the economy after the pandemic is a common goal of the international community.
China's economic development potential will continue to be unleashed, bringing more benefits to countries around the world and becoming an important engine for global recovery.
Liu said that he looks forward to the continued development of the "One Belt, One Road" cooperation, which will continue to play an important role in improving the infrastructure level of all countries and strengthening interconnectivity in all areas, and will continue to unleash greater potential.
(This newspaper reports from Madrid)
(People's Daily reporter, Yan Huan)
Report: The number of overseas students returning home to seek employment in 2022 has reached a new high - www.chinanews.com
The top 10 countries of study for recent graduates returning to China to seek employment in 2022, source: "2022 China Returning Students Employment Survey Report"
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 11 (Meng Ru) - The "2022 China Returned Students Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") released recently shows that the number of 2022 graduates increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of returned students seeking employment in China reached a new high, and the demand for overseas talents by Chinese enterprises is also on the rise.
The report notes that since 2020, the number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China has increased significantly, and the number of recent graduates returning to China to seek employment has increased.
Compared with 2021, the size of the 2022 graduate students increased by 8.6%, and the number of returning students seeking employment reached a new high.
In terms of the distribution of returning students seeking employment by country of study, the UK has the highest proportion, at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), which are ranked in the same order as in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth, the number of new international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore increased significantly in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of recent graduates from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia has decreased.
Trends in the supply and demand of returnees in the first week after the Chinese New Year in 2023. Source: “2022 Chinese Returnees Employment Survey Report”
The survey shows that 58% of the students who decided to return home believe that “life is more convenient in China”, 40% decided to return home because “they identify more with the cultural environment in China”, 32% believe that “there are more employment opportunities in China”, and 22% believe that the economic activities in China will accelerate recovery and provide more employment opportunities.
Data shows that domestic enterprises are rapidly increasing their demand for overseas talent, and the demand for returnees is on the rise.
In the first week after the Chinese New Year in 2023, the number of priority positions for returnees and the number of returnees seeking employment in the country both showed an upward trend. On February 3, the number of priority positions for returnees increased by 11% compared to January 28, and the number of returnees seeking employment increased by 27%.
By industry, in 2022, the positions in the education/training industry accounted for 27.8% of the preferred positions for overseas returnees, ranking first, while professional services/consulting and internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
The number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China in recent years. Source: “2022 China Returned Overseas Talents Employment Survey Report”
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary for returning overseas Chinese has been increasing for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month (RMB, same below) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan from 13,719 yuan/month in 2021, an increase of 7%.
When viewed by region, the willingness of the repatriates to develop in new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier and lower cities has increased in 2022. The proportion of job applications in 2022 was 31%, 15.7%, and 14.3%, respectively, which is higher than the proportion of job applications in 2021.
Regarding the benefits of studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said that they were basically in line with their expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared to the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said they were above or far above expectations, which is higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(Finished)
Save half or even more?
Henan Province standardizes and integrates the prices of dental implant medical services - www.chinanews.com
CCTV News: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many toothless patients, but the price of up to ten thousand yuan per tooth has always deterred many patients.
Since this year, with the accelerated implementation of the tooth implant collective procurement, the price of tooth implants has been put on the agenda in various places.
Starting from February 10, the price control target for a single conventional implant dental service in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the total cost of a single conventional implant should not exceed 97% of the control target.
Implantation of teeth refers to a method of tooth restoration in which the upper part of the tooth is fixed in place by supporting it with a structure that is implanted in the bone tissue.
The reporter learned from Zhengzhou University Affiliated Hospital No. 1 that the price for a single conventional transplant, from planting to final repair, is around 16,700 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that for a case like mine, it would cost about 8,000 yuan or less, which is basically half the price.
Based on the existing projects, Henan Province has also integrated 15 medical service price items for oral implantation, including “implantation fee (per tooth)”, and formulated a unified price for public medical institutions under the province and medical insurance payment categories, cancelling or adjusting 20 medical service price items, including dental implantation surgery.
Li Yunjie, head of the Pharmaceutical Price and Tender Procurement Department of the Zhengzhou Medical Insurance Bureau: The main beneficiaries are the four parties involved. One is medical insurance, which will have lower expenses; hospitals will have less pressure, and patients will be able to receive appropriate care; suppliers will have a market; and patients will benefit the most, as the cost of dental implants may be reduced by half or even more.
Shenzhen: Building the first and most advanced futuristic city in China and the world - chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, February 11, by WeChat public account “Shenzhen Industry and Information”, on February 10, the Shenzhen Bureau of Industry and Information Technology issued the “Shenzhen City Construction Action Plan for Ultramodern Cities”.
It proposes that by the end of 2023, a super broadband network with high speed, large capacity, and low latency will be built, achieving the goal of "double gigabits, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and everything connected", and creating a world-leading ultra-fast city.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of the 1000G optical network.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of full-fiber industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The plan requires a comprehensive improvement in the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Research and development of Shenzhen 5G network service quality standards, and conducting 5G network testing and evaluation to improve the quality of 5G network services.
Support basic telecommunications enterprises to increase their efforts to optimize 5G networks in key areas and locations, with 10,000 new 5G base stations added throughout the year, with an average download speed of 500 Mbps and an upload speed of 100 Mbps across the city, and a download speed of 1000 Mbps and an upload speed of 200 Mbps in key areas, significantly improving network speed and user experience.
Build high-quality wireless local area networks at the city level.
Establish a standard for wireless local area network (WLAN) services in public places, promote the upgrade of WLAN in areas with high population density and concentrated information consumption needs in all districts of the city, and provide 1,000 Mbps access capabilities.
Based on the "Shen i Network", a unified authentication and management platform for public wireless local area networks throughout the city was established, realizing "one-time authentication, seamless roaming, and intelligent switching". The platform supports operating entities to include social-owned APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities in the authentication and management platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of APs to be upgraded will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan proposes the construction of a high-quality all-optical network, the establishment of a multi-level computing power supply system, the acceleration of the construction of key communication network facilities, and the improvement of Internet application service capabilities.
The Plan clearly states that a collaborative IoT sensing system will be constructed.
Explore a model for building and managing urban sensing terminals based on the "open source HOMOM" operating system, reduce the cost of interconnection, accelerate the construction of urban-level IoT sensing platforms, and promote interconnection and data exchange between urban IoT platforms, specialized IoT platforms in various fields, and other related networks and data.
Deepen the application of the Internet of Things and sensing in urban management, public services, public safety, transportation, and other fields, and expand the fixed sensing and intelligent networked vehicles channels of sensing and collection, including roads, buildings, public facilities, and other fixed sensing, and mobile sensing channels.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity, gas, and Internet of Things sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and more than 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The plan also mentions strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communication applications, laying out the infrastructure for low-altitude networks, and promoting the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, it will promote the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, build an ecosystem for innovative industrial development, and support the organization of top-level events and activities.
(CNC Media)
The Chinese e-commerce industry has emerged with "new variables", how can merchants achieve "content is king"?
- China News Service
Xinhua News Agency, February 11, 2020, headline: “New variables” emerge in China’s e-commerce industry, how to make “content king”?
CNCE Journalist Xia Bin
“We entered the e-commerce market late, but from the very beginning we realized that content is very important if you want to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fangfang, a "90s" girl from Guangdong, is now running a health food store on TikTok, allowing a brick-and-mortar store with over 30 years of history to "bloom" online.
By imitating the style of old Hong Kong movies and pairing it with classic Cantonese songs, opening the TikTok account of @Fangfang1PersonFood, the exquisite videos are a breath of fresh air.
Recently, at the Douyin e-commerce event "Finding Peers·Special Session for Sharing Quality Content", Fang Fang, as a representative of quality creators, gave a speech to share her experiences and insights into her daily creative work.
She said on the spot, “The carefully crafted video has attracted a lot of attention from netizens, many of whom are interested in the ingredients in my family’s dishes and want to cook them together with us, which has suddenly opened up a market for us.
”
Fangfang used her soup video to make more people fall in love with the "taste of Laoguang", and in one live broadcast, she sold up to 300,000 packets of nourishing ingredients, saving the family's store on the brink of bankruptcy.
“No content, no e-commerce”, as short videos and live e-commerce continue to develop, people’s requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new phase.
In the early days of live-streaming sales, live broadcasts often used low discounts to attract users, and price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal big Vs such as Liu Yihong and Dongfang Zhenzhu, as well as many lesser-known influencers and merchants who have emerged in vertical sub-fields. They have improved their long-term business performance by continuously creating high-quality content that matches their brand image.
According to Gao Yaixian, the head of the operation of Kwai's celebrity authors, over the past year, 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through Kwai's e-commerce platform, and their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and their total sales have more than doubled.
"Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving author ecosystem with a strong vitality.
"said Gao YaXian.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the "Electronic Commerce Industry Content Ecosystem Health Index (ECHI) Report", which analyzes the importance of high-quality content in the current e-commerce industry from a data perspective and assesses the content ecosystem of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China using an index.
According to the ranking of the e-commerce industry's content ecosystem health index in the aforementioned report, TikTok e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com ranked in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecosystem in the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept that integrates e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional content production) and UGC (user-generated content) are the best vehicles for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the scenarios for consumption and promotion, and the higher the possibility of e-commerce integration, the stronger the commercial value, and the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and consumption in the public and private sectors will be integrated.
On the spot, Professor Yi Guomin, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and the chairman of the Chinese Media Economics and Management Committee, gave an analysis and interpretation of the report.
He said that in terms of content value, the e-commerce industry has transitioned from "consumer accessibility" to "consumer quality" and high-quality, professional, and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the fundamental and driving force behind the new stage of e-commerce development, and PGC content such as knowledge-based payments, professional knowledge, and KOLs (key opinion leaders) has become standard in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guomin made two suggestions.
One is to promote the health and quality of the e-commerce content ecosystem from the perspective of improving the content structure, establishing positive content creation and management standards, and achieving a healthy and balanced system index and dynamic balance of the e-commerce content ecosystem.
Another is to achieve healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and value synergy and co-creation with the external environment from an external ecological perspective.
“In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more support in terms of data and artificial intelligence to form a prediction of future development stability; in addition, it will provide more standardized and healthy growth space for merchants, achieve value coordination among enterprises, users, products, and services in the e-commerce industry, and jointly create a healthy content ecosystem.
(Finished)
The North Exchange’s margin trading business will be launched next week - www.chinanews.com
News report (by reporter Sun Jie): Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange announced that the securities lending and borrowing business of the Beijing Stock Exchange has been approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission and will officially start on February 13. At that time, securities companies that have obtained the right to conduct securities lending and borrowing transactions at the Beijing Stock Exchange can accept investor orders and submit securities lending and borrowing transactions to the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The list of the first 56 securities subject to securities lending was determined based on the reference date of January 31, 2023.
The Beijing Stock Exchange said that the list of securities subject to securities lending and the list of securities that can be used as collateral will be published through the “Information Disclosure - Securities Lending Information” section of the Beijing Stock Exchange website, making it easier for investors to inquire.
Financing through securities lending is an important fundamental system in the securities market and is a relatively mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 of last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on its securities financing and borrowing business.
The launch of the North Exchange margin financing and securities lending transaction is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system of the North Exchange, improve the trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The securities lending and borrowing system benefits investors by enriching their trading strategies, meeting their diverse trading needs, promoting the discovery of market prices, and further improving market liquidity.
In the future, the Beijing Stock Exchange will continue to do its best to ensure the smooth operation of the securities lending and borrowing business under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It will enrich the trading system tools with a focus on investor needs and improve the relevant supporting mechanisms, striving to build a first-class stock exchange that serves innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Integrated Forum was held in Beijing, and He Libin attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 11th, On February 11th, the 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Comprehensive Forum was held in Beijing in a hybrid online and offline format.
He Guoqiang, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He LiFeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at their meeting in Bangkok and to strengthen green development cooperation between China and Japan.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and accelerate the green transformation of its development model, deepen the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and prudently promote the peak carbon and carbon neutrality goals, and promote decarbonization, pollution reduction, ecological restoration, and growth in a coordinated manner, promoting ecological prioritization, resource conservation, and green, low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to deepen cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technology, policy dialogue and cultural exchanges, and to promote the green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry, Hiroshige Sekimoto, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce of China and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and included a main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency, electrification and intelligence of automobiles, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from the governments and enterprises of China and Japan exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operations in Turkey, rescuing 4 trapped people - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, February 11, reports that according to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, the Chinese rescue team dispatched three operational teams and 45 rescue team members to search for and rescue a trapped person in Turkey on February 10.
At the same time, two search and assessment teams were sent to assess and investigate the 15 buildings on Vodabashi Street.
So far, a total of 4 people have been rescued, 5 people have been found dead, and life signs and risk assessments have been conducted on 25 buildings that have collapsed.
The rescue team will adjust the rescue forces according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue site, and continue to carry out rescue work in depth.
The rescue team obtained rescue assistance information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and UN rescue organizations, and verified each case through various methods such as online inquiries and on-site searches.
Introduce the current rescue environment and the collapse of buildings to the rescue team in Hong Kong, China, and jointly carry out search and rescue operations.
At present, it is responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) in conjunction with the Italian rescue team, and three members have been sent to work at the 5th regional rescue coordination center, communicating with teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman, and other countries to learn about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and rescue teams.
The rescue team has continuously strengthened safety management and team protection, in accordance with the principles of "unified command, safety first", strengthened safety control at the rescue site, strengthened the requirements for rescue work discipline, and clarified safety precautions.
The shift duty and guard duty system is in continuous operation, strengthening security management in the camp.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide medical examination services for team members every day to strengthen the medical protection of key personnel. At present, all members of the rescue team are in good health and are carrying out disinfection in the camp.
After the self-supporting camp was established, the logistics support team set up 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical hygiene, living accommodation, and kennels, to ensure the safety of more than 30 sets of rescue equipment at the scene.
Xinhua News Agency commentator: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project - four points to deeply understand the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 11th Report: Promoting the modernization of the Chinese way is a systematic project - four views on the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Xinhua News Agency commentator
“Advancing modernization in the Chinese way is a systematic project that requires comprehensive consideration, systematic planning, and overall promotion, and requires the correct handling of a series of important relationships, including top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, adherence to principles and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and openness to the outside world.
“At the opening ceremony of the training class for new members of the Central Committee, alternate members and provincial and ministerial-level leaders to study and implement the ideas of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party, Xi Jinping, the General Secretary, scientifically grasped the laws of modernization construction, and profoundly and systematically explained a series of major relationships that need to be handled in practice, providing us with a scientific methodology for vigorously promoting modernization in the Chinese style.
The promotion of Chinese modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization, and affects the governance of the Party, the country, and the military, as well as domestic and foreign affairs, national defense, and so on. It is necessary to make systematic plans and to be bold in innovation and reform, and to continuously achieve overall progress.
To carry out top-level design, we need to have a profound understanding of the trends of world development, accurately grasp the common aspirations of the people, and deeply explore the laws of economic and social development, so that the planning and policy system we develop reflects the times, captures the essence of the laws, and is creative, and is able to combine the near and the far, connect the top and the bottom, and coordinate the content.
The promotion of Chinese modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are many unknown areas that need to be boldly explored in practice, and the development of the undertaking must be driven by reform and innovation, and not by cutting corners or waiting for things to happen.
Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.
To promote modernization in the Chinese way, we must enhance the forward-looking nature of our strategies, so as to anticipate and lead the future; we must enhance the overall nature of our strategies, with a focus on solving major problems that are crucial to the prosperity and development of the Party and the country; and we must enhance the stability of our strategies, so that once they are formed, they can be consistently pursued and achieved.
We must grasp the dialectical unity of strategy and tactics, organically combine the principled nature of strategy with the flexibility of tactics, be flexible and adaptable, make quick decisions in the face of changing circumstances, and take the strategic initiative in adapting to local conditions, responding to opportunities, and taking advantage of favorable circumstances.
The Chinese nation is a nation that values upholding tradition and innovation.
It is necessary to handle the relationship between upholding tradition and innovation well, while firmly adhering to the essence and source of Chinese modernization, and without wavering in upholding the characteristics, essence, and fundamental principles of Chinese modernization, ensuring the correct direction of Chinese modernization. At the same time, innovation should be given a prominent position in the overall development of the country, in line with the requirements of the times, with a focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively adapting to change, and seeking change, vigorously promoting reform and innovation, continuously creating new impetus and advantages for development, and fully unleashing the creative vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation of fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee of efficiency.
In promoting modernization in the Chinese way, we must create higher efficiency than capitalism while also effectively safeguarding social fairness, and achieve a balance between efficiency and fairness, and promote and unify them.
We must handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness, and continuously achieve development for the people, development relying on the people, and development results shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization can benefit all the people more fairly and equitably.
To promote modernization in the Chinese way, we need to handle the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both full of vitality and orderly.
We must coordinate the development and security issues, implement the overall national security concept, establish a national security system, strengthen our ability to safeguard national security, and firmly safeguard the security of the state's political power, system, ideology, and key areas.
We will consider security factors more in development, enhance national security through development, use the results of development to consolidate the foundation of national security, and create a safe environment conducive to economic and social development, continuously stimulate development vitality, and achieve a virtuous interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
In promoting modernization in the Chinese way, we must both stick to our own path and broaden our horizons, adhere to openness to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of Chinese modernization.
We must adhere to independence, self-reliance, and self-strengthening, place the development of the country and the nation at the center of our own strength, and firmly grasp the destiny of our country's development and progress in our own hands.
We must continuously expand high-level opening-up to the outside world, participate deeply in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese modernization, and share development opportunities and create a better future through mutual benefit and win-win cooperation.
By following the path, we can achieve great things.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, and guided by the scientific principles of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era, grasp the rules, work hard and be diligent, fully display our enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, and correctly handle a series of major issues, so as to make great strides in the new journey of comprehensively building a socialist modern country, and continuously open up new horizons in the modernization of China.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) The Biden administration will blacklist six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the spy balloon program on Friday (February 10).
The U.S. Department of Commerce said that these five Chinese companies and one research institution have helped modernize the Chinese military, particularly in the aerospace sector, including airships and aircraft.
Companies on the blacklist have a hard time obtaining technology exports from the United States.
The list is called the "entity list" and companies listed on it will not be able to purchase technology or goods from American suppliers unless they obtain special export licenses from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The companies listed on the blacklist are: Beijing Nange Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., China Electronics Technology Group Company No. 48 Research Institute, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xiaohang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd., and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to this, the White House said it was considering taking broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger-scale surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident caused further tension between China and the United States, and US Secretary of State Blinken canceled his visit to China.
On February 4, the United States shot down a balloon, and the Chinese government lodged a strong protest with the US embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously undermining and damaging the efforts and progress of both sides to stabilize Sino-US relations.
Based on the evidence of the existing debris and information from the procurement platform of the Chinese military, the US government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon "has a direct relationship with the Chinese People's Liberation Army" and is an approved supplier of the Chinese military.
Miao Ning, a spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry, said at a press conference on Friday that China has explained the situation and clarified its position on the accidental entry of a Chinese unmanned aerial vehicle into US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the US Congress are purely political manipulation and sensationalism.
China strongly objects to this and firmly opposes it.
Matthew Axelrod, Assistant Secretary of the US Department of Commerce responsible for export enforcement, said: “Today’s action shows the joint efforts we have made to identify and stop China’s use of spy balloons, which have violated the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
”
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said they were not aware of the sanctions and refused to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States and have not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutschlandfunk Copyright Notice: All contents are protected by copyright law, and may not be used without special authorization from Deutschlandfunk.
Any improper conduct will result in recovery and will be subject to criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) Several days have passed since the earthquake hit parts of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is fading. However, the rescue of a family of five on Saturday brought great relief to the rescue team.
According to the Associated Press, in the hard-hit town of Nurday in Gaziantep province, this family of five was trapped under the rubble for more than five days before being successfully rescued.
The rescuers first pulled out the mother and daughter from the rubble, and then found the father, but he insisted on being rescued first, along with his son and another daughter.
When they were all rescued, the crowd erupted in cheers.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaraş, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued in the harsh cold weather conditions.
“What day is it today?
"—The boy trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the rescuers who brought him back to the ground.
A man from Kahramanmaraş is holding the cat he just rescued.
The miraculous success of the rescue operation brought a glimmer of hope to the otherwise hopeless search and rescue efforts, but at the same time, the number of fatalities continued to rise.
According to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has caused more than 20,000 deaths in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be over 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive for more than a week after being trapped in the rubble, the hope of finding more survivors is becoming increasingly bleak.
Rescue workers are still using thermal imaging devices to search for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of the rescue efforts began to shift towards helping the survivors who were in urgent need of assistance.
UN officials: disaster in the region "unprecedented in a century"
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference held in Turkey that this earthquake was the "worst disaster in the region in a century".
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "extraordinary".
He also told a Reuters reporter that he hoped to provide aid to areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but also said that the matter was "not yet clear."
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief aid to the people of the earthquake-stricken areas of Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced that it would allocate $25 million for relief efforts in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Great Chilean earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 pm local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a magnitude of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, Valdivia was reduced to rubble.
The huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the coast of Chile, causing waves as high as 25 meters.
The tsunami affected distant countries such as Japan and the Philippines.
The number of fatalities and economic losses caused by such a wide-ranging disaster cannot be accurately known.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
The Great Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, and it was Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Alaska earthquake remained the third largest earthquake in the world on record.
When the earthquake occurred, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate ruptured near Prince William Sound, near the College Fjord.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted from 3 to 5 minutes.
The seafloor displacement triggered a huge tsunami, with a height of 67 meters.
Because it was a holiday, many schools and businesses were closed.
This major earthquake ultimately led to the deaths of 139 people.
Of these, 9 people died directly from the earthquake, while the other 130 died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Tangshan earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes with a magnitude of 7 or higher occurred in Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China within 16 hours.
The epicenter is 23 kilometers below the surface.
The entire city of Tangshan was cut off from transportation, communication, water supply, and electricity, and was reduced to a wasteland in an instant.
The capital city of Beijing, located 140 kilometers away, also felt the strong tremors.
According to official statistics, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake is the second most deadly earthquake in China with records to date, second only to the Jiajing earthquake in 1556.
However, some overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake may have caused at least 650,000 deaths.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers west of the Aceh province on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia, with a depth of 30 kilometers and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with waves as high as 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, including the areas most severely affected by the disaster, such as Aceh Province in Indonesia, the Krabi and Phuket resort areas in Thailand, Sri Lanka, and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
At that time, it was the peak season for Christmas travel, and the affected areas were crowded with a large number of tourists and local residents, which led to many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and local people working on the coast being swept away by the tsunami, making many people missing as a result of this earthquake.
It is estimated that the number of fatalities and missing persons is at least 300,000.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Wenchuan earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake struck the Wenchuan area in Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the surface wave magnitude of the earthquake was 8.2 and the moment magnitude was 8.3, and the affected area was more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had caused 69,227 deaths, 17,923 missing persons, 374,643 people with various degrees of injuries, 199,300 people who lost their homes, and a total of 46.256 million people affected by the disaster.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the deadliest earthquake after the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12th of every year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day, with the aim of strengthening education for the public and attention to disaster prevention and mitigation work.
Afterwards, many local governments and primary and secondary schools in China held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Middle and primary schools have also begun to pay attention to popularizing “earthquake prevention and mitigation” education.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, a magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck Haiti, an island nation in the Caribbean.
The epicenter is located 25 kilometers southwest of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince, and the hypocenter is about 13 kilometers below the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that the population affected by the earthquake is about 3 million.
The Haitian government has confirmed more than 200,000 deaths.
In some areas of Haiti, up to 90% of houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
Although the international community provided a lot of aid and support, this impoverished country, plagued by overpopulation and corruption, has never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
The Great East Japan Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large tsunami with a magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the northeastern coast of Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean to the east of Sendai, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture, and the seismic source depth was measured at 24 kilometers. It also triggered a massive tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first to exceed magnitude 9 in Japan since records began.
About 22,000 people died in the disaster, and approximately 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered a leakage accident due to the effects of the earthquake and tsunami.
This incident was classified as the most serious level 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to the detection of trace amounts of radioactive substances around the world, including iodine-131 and caesium-137 (half-life of 30 years).
A large number of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific as a result of this nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in the disaster areas of Syria and Turkey are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, up to 5.3 million people have lost their homes due to earthquakes.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has called for $77 million to be allocated to provide food for the victims of the earthquake who have been displaced in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the disaster area is as low as zero degrees, and many victims have no place to live.
The Turkish government has distributed a large number of hot meals, tents, and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to deliver to many people in urgent need of help.
In Syria, which has been embroiled in a civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has made the plight of the people even worse.
Within four days of the earthquake, the World Food Programme had provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutschlandfunk Copyright Notice: All contents are protected by copyright law, and may not be used without special authorization from Deutschlandfunk.
Any improper conduct will result in recovery and will be subject to criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Alert: The Police Department Calls on Citizens to Beware of Fraudulent Short Messages from Telecommunications Companies
Recently, the police department has received multiple cases of telecommunications fraud. The perpetrators posed as Hong Kong Telecom and sent fraudulent messages to the victim with a website link, luring them to log in to a fake website to redeem their rewards before the points expire.
The victim followed the instructions and entered their credit card information and verification code. They then received a notification from the financial institution that there were unidentified purchases on their credit card, and suspected that their credit card information had been stolen from the website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above short message.
The police department calls on citizens to be vigilant when receiving similar text messages and not to click on the links contained in the messages or provide any personal information. If you are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords or transaction verification codes, you should be doubly cautious to prevent your credit card from being stolen.
Anti-fraud reminder:
1. Pay more attention to cybersecurity news and improve personal awareness of prevention;
2. Do not log in to unknown websites and register your personal and credit card information on the website, in order to prevent identity theft;
3. Beware of fake and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website address matches the official website;
4. Install antivirus software on your mobile phone, mobile device or computer and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect you have been the victim of fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the Police Fraud Investigation Hotline at 8800 7777 or the Crime Report Hotline at 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large inspection team from Hong Kong visits Macau tourist attractions and facilities to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand the “joint tour” between Hong Kong and Macau
The Tourism Board organized a large Hong Kong inspection team of over 100 people, including representatives from the Hong Kong government's tourism department, the tourism industry, and the media, to visit Macau. In addition to work meetings and industry talks, representatives from the Hong Kong travel agency industry and the media visited several tourist attractions, hotels, and tourism-related facilities in Macau in batches over two days (10th and 11th). The aim was to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market and promote cultural and tourism integration between the two regions, thereby expanding the "joint travel" market between Hong Kong and Macau.
Visit in person to introduce new tourism activities in Macau
The Hong Kong delegation of 100 people included leaders and managers from the tourism-related departments of the Hong Kong government, representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators from Hong Kong and Macau, as well as about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, representatives from tourism social media, online media, and bloggers/influencers, who came to Macau to exchange and explore the latest tourism resources in Macau. The Hong Kong industry and media will introduce the new tourism experience in Macau to Hong Kong residents and tourists visiting Hong Kong, and expand the "joint tourism" market between Hong Kong and Macau by taking advantage of the transportation hub in Hong Kong.
Two days of intensive activities to seek business opportunities and increase publicity
The inspection team visited the World Heritage Site "Historic Centre of Macau", the Macau Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel: A Journey Through Three Bars" - an immersive digital experience exhibition at the Largo do Senado, Ao Peng Xiang, the old town of Taipa, as well as several large resort hotels and facilities: The Parisian, The Karl Lagerfeld, The Venetian, Wynn Palace, Morpheus, The Londoner, Galaxy Macau, Artelli multi-dimensional art space at New Galaxy and teamLab supernatural space at Venetian Macau. The inspection team visited these places in two days.
The members of the inspection team visited Macau tourism facilities and experienced the "tourism +" elements of Macau firsthand, sharing Macau tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrating the promotion and sale of the latest Macau tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attract Hong Kong tourists and expand the "joint tourism" between Hong Kong and Macau
Seizing the opportunity of the resumption of cross-border travel, the Tourism Board has launched a promotional campaign and introduced various discounts in the Hong Kong market, including the launch of discounted transportation tickets between Hong Kong and Macau, and the use of new promotional videos for advertising on online and offline platforms.
Following the invitation last month for leaders in the Hong Kong tourism industry to come to Australia to exchange views and experience Macau's "tourism+" industry, this time representatives from the Hong Kong tourism industry and media were invited to Australia to increase marketing efforts and attract Hong Kong tourists to stay and consume in Macau. The two industries also discussed cooperation to expand the "joint tourism" market between Hong Kong and Macau, as well as the mainland and overseas markets, to promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both regions.
Xi Jinping wrote a letter to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team in Central Africa, urging them to use their compassion and medical skills to benefit the local people and to tell the story of China through their actions - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Online - Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping sent a letter of encouragement to the members of the Chinese medical team in Central Africa, urging them to use their compassion and medical skills to benefit the local people and to tell the story of China through their actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xifeng] Font size:【Large 中 小】
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th. On February 9th, Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the People's Republic of China, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, sent a letter to the members of the 19th Chinese medical team sent to assist the Central African Republic, expressing his greetings and sincere wishes to them and all the foreign medical teams.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you are both angels of mercy who save lives and heal wounds and friendly ambassadors who spread love, as you overcome difficulties in your work and life in Central Africa and serve the local people wholeheartedly.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of Chinese medical teams abroad, and I would like to offer my sincere condolences to those who are currently and have previously carried out medical missions abroad.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign medical aid is a vivid demonstration of this.
I hope that you will not forget your original aspirations and remember your mission, and that you will vigorously promote the spirit of the Chinese medical team, which is not afraid of hardship, is willing to make sacrifices, saves lives and heals injuries, and is full of love, so that you can bring benefits to the local people with your kindness and medical skills, tell the story of China with your actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community of health for all.
Medical aid is an important component of China's foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent its first medical aid team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, a total of 30,000 medical team members have been sent to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, America, Europe, and Oceania, providing medical treatment to 290 million people, earning widespread praise from the international community.
Currently, the medical team is working in 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, of which nearly half are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of the Chinese medical team in Africa wrote a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on their learning and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, providing medical services to local residents, and expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a community of human health and well-being.
The seminar for new members, alternate members and provincial and ministerial-level leaders to study and implement the ideas of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress has ended - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Online - Huasheng Online
The seminar for new members, alternate members and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres of the Central Committee on studying and implementing the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress has concluded.
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xifeng] Font size:【Large 中 小】
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th. The seminar for newly elected members, alternate members, and provincial and ministerial-level leaders to study and implement the ideas of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress concluded on the afternoon of the 10th at the Central Party School (National Academy of Administration). Zhao Qi, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the graduation ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that we should deepen our study and implementation of the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, and more firmly embrace the "two establishments" and resolutely uphold the "two safeguards", strengthen our capabilities and work hard, and solidly promote all aspects of Chinese-style modernization, so as to create achievements that can withstand the test of history, practice and the people in the process of building a socialist modern state and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all participants were guided by the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics, and carefully studied the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party and the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar. They conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges, deepening their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues related to Chinese-style modernization, and strengthening their confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Xi Jinping at its core. They also strengthened their sense of responsibility and mission to fulfill their duties and work hard to ensure a good start for the new era and new journey.
At the graduation ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar delivered speeches to report and exchange their learning experiences.
Cai Qi said that learning and implementing the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress is both a top political task for the present and the future, and a long-term strategic task. We must promote learning and implementation work by going deep, going real, and going to the heart, in accordance with the requirements of “comprehensive learning, comprehensive understanding, and comprehensive implementation”.
We must have a deeper understanding of the decisive significance of the "two establishments", resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the authority and centralized leadership of the Party Central Committee, continuously improve our political judgment, political understanding and political execution, and always maintain high consistency with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core in terms of thought, politics and action.
We must strive to master the theory of Marxism, consciously use the Party's innovative theories to arm our minds, guide our practice, and promote our work, and work hard to deepen our understanding, comprehend it in detail, and put it into practice, so that we can truly learn to have firm beliefs, absolute loyalty, and a sense of mission and responsibility.
We must carry out the decisions and plans of the 20th CPC National Congress with a spirit of hard work and dedication, solidly promote modernization in the Chinese way, roll up our sleeves and work hard, take on the role of "construction supervisor", and turn our blueprints into reality one step at a time.
We must remember that comprehensive strict Party discipline is a never-ending journey, and the self-revolution of the Party is also a never-ending journey. We must tighten and strengthen the political responsibility of comprehensive strict Party discipline, and take the lead in political construction to promote the new great project of Party building in the new era.
We must strengthen our abilities to promote high-quality development, serve the people, and prevent and resolve risks, and vigorously promote the spirit of investigation and research, resolutely preventing and overcoming formalism and bureaucratism.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shuilian, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinkun, Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the ceremony.
Google AI chat robot “gives wrong answers”; parent company’s stock price evaporates by hundreds of billions of dollars.
(Combined report on the 11th)
Google's new artificial intelligence chatbot Bard has suffered a setback with its promotional video "giving the wrong answer to a question", causing the share price of its parent company Alphabet to plummet by 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark and wiping out $110 billion (about RM47.65 billion) in market value, closing at $94.57 on Friday.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as competitive as its rival Microsoft.
According to a report by Reuters, Google released an advertising short film for its AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier. In the film, someone asks Bard, “Can you tell me about the new discoveries of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) for my 9-year-old child?
In his response, Bard mentioned that the telescope had taken the first photo of a planet outside the solar system.
However, according to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States, the first photograph of an exoplanet was taken by the Very Large Telescope of the European Southern Observatory in 2004.
Reuters even reported on the topic with the headline "Alphabet shares plunge after Bard's incorrect answer".
On the other hand, Google stated that Bard's response "emphasizes the importance of rigorous testing processes" and will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's responses "meet high standards based on quality, safety, and authenticity."
Singapore's tourism industry is recovering strongly, with inbound tourists increasing 19 times compared to 2021
(Combined report on November 11) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that it is expected that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore in 2023 will reach 12 to 14 million, bringing in tourism revenue of approximately 18 to 21 billion new dollars; the number of tourists and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of the pre-COVID-19 level in 2019; and the likelihood of a full recovery of the tourism industry in 2024 is high.
The Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover in 2022.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, the number of inbound tourists increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million in 2022, exceeding the earlier estimate of 4 to 6 million by the Tourism Board. Tourists have already recovered to 33% of their pre-pandemic level.
From January to September 2022, tourism revenue in Singapore totaled 8.96 billion New Zealand dollars. It is expected that tourism revenue for the whole year of 2022 could reach 13.8 to 14.3 billion New Zealand dollars, a 6 to 7-fold increase compared to 1.89 billion New Zealand dollars in 2021, and has already recovered to about 50% to 52% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019.
The Singapore government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced a grant of nearly 500 million New Zealand dollars to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Board recently announced that it plans to allocate NZ$110 million from this budget over the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists to return.
In order to make health and wellness one of Singapore's tourist attractions, the Singapore Tourism Board launched an expression of interest campaign on November 23, 2022, to develop a health and wellness destination on the southern coast of Singapore.
Wang Lingli, executive director of sports and wellness tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have placed their physical health at the top of their list of considerations.
The development of a health and wellness destination in the southern coastal area of Marina Bay, with its seaside gardens and seawalls, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, allowing visitors to spend more time and money in Singapore.
Chen Jianlong, director of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that health and wellness will become an important component of Singapore's tourism products in the coming years.
The COVID-19 pandemic has increased public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
For this reason, the Tourism Board has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists for the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health and Wellness Festival, providing the public with more than 130 types of health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide new travel experiences for tourists.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, the Avatar World in Sentosa Harbourfront, the new "Explore New Horizons" exhibition at the Art Science Museum, and the outdoor theater newly built in the Night Safari, the Tourism Board will support the development and upgrading of projects such as the Flying Bird Park in Wildlife World, making Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will establish relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive travel industry by 2023, with a focus on improving waste treatment and carbon emissions, further optimizing the tourism environment.
The recovery of the tourism industry in Singapore has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
According to the data, as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with more than 150,000 passengers per day, about 1 million per week, which is equivalent to about 75% of the pre-pandemic level. The number of airline employees on duty has also recovered to about 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
According to the data, from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million visitors, equivalent to 42% of the pre-pandemic level, and 170,000 flights have taken off and landed, which is 53% of the pre-pandemic level.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also driven the recovery of the accommodation, transportation, catering, and shopping industries.
The Singapore government and tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
According to Khor Suk Dan, Assistant Director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, a survey conducted by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore's safety index ranked among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular with Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, about 3.6 million Chinese people traveled to Singapore for vacation each year.
As China relaxes its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to between a third and two-thirds of the number in 2019.
Kou Shuxiang pointed out that in the future, the Tourism Bureau will closely monitor the signals released by China regarding its policies on outbound travel, in order to respond to changes in the needs of tourists.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in outbound travel from China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the tourism industry will recover faster than expected, as long as there are no significant recessionary effects on public income and no new outbreaks of deadly pandemics on a large scale.
Kim Jong-un and his daughter interacted closely, while his wife was ignored next to them.
(Combined report on the 11th) North Korea held a military parade to celebrate the 75th anniversary of its founding on the evening of the 8th. Kim Jong-un's daughter, Kim Ju-ae, not only attended the ceremony, but also stood on the podium with her father.
The North Korean state media released a video on the 9th showing Kim Jong-un hugging his father, exchanging affectionate glances and whispers several times, as she gently held her father's face with her hands and even touched his chest. This father-daughter interaction was broadcasted nationwide.
However, the First Lady, Li Xiaoxu, had to stand aside.
According to reports by the South Korean media such as "Chosun News," in the official photo of Kim Jong-un and his wife Ri Sol-ju attending the banquet with their daughter Kim Ju-ae, not only was she sitting in the center position between her parents, which is rare, but the next day at the military parade to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army, she also stood on the podium with Kim Jong-un.
The North Korean state media, "Korean Central Television", released footage of the parade afterwards, revealing more scenes of deep father-daughter love.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times from the podium, and their smiles never faded. They even whispered to each other in their ears. Kim Jong-un once held his father's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un responded with a bright smile.
Other official media images also show that the mistress, Kim Jong-un, kept touching her father's face while sitting on an indoor sofa; she also touched Kim Jong-un's chest while walking with her father, holding his hand.
First Lady Liu Xiaohu, however, had to walk behind or sit to the side, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
According to South Korean media, the "golden master" has been increasingly exposed in the past three months since it first appeared in public on November 18, 2017, following the test launch of the Mars-17 missile. It has now appeared in official settings five times.
The North Korean state media referred to Kim Jong-un as the beloved son, the distinguished son, etc., and broadcasted footage of Kim Jong-un repeatedly shouting his pledge to die defending his bloodline while overlooking the parade from the stands.
These signs have led outsiders to question whether Kim Jong-un has already been predetermined as the heir to the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzes that "this is Kim Jong-un's signal to push his teenage daughter to the position of successor," but there are also opinions that such a judgment is premature, and that all possibilities remain open in the case of a son under Kim Jong-un.
Changyang Q&A | How to view the unexpectedly high January non-farm employment data in the United States and its future trend - Economic Observer - a professional financial news website
Q: How does Reignwood Investment view the January US non-farm employment data, which exceeded expectations, and the future trend?
A: On February 3, the US Department of Labor released the January 2023 non-farm employment data, with an increase of 51.7 thousand non-farm jobs, significantly higher than the market expectation of 18.9 thousand; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest in nearly 50 years; the hourly wage growth rate was 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, slightly slowing down.
In terms of the overall data, there are many one-time and technical factors that distort the data, such as the return to work of striking teachers, the revision of survey statistics, and the update of seasonal factors. In the future, there may be some revisions (refer to the downward revision of non-farm payrolls from 504,000 to 364,000 in January 2022), and non-farm employment may not be as strong as the data suggests.
In terms of structure, the impact of layoffs on high-tech enterprises is still significant, but the proportion is relatively low; the newly added employment in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and healthcare has rebounded significantly, and the data shows that the labor shortage in the service industry still exists.
In combination with the equally strong service sector PMI, the rebound in job vacancies and labor shortages, and strong consumer credit data, we believe that the US service sector has experienced rapid recovery after the extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the supply and demand tension in the US employment market cannot be improved without a recession.
Currently, the US labor market still has a supply gap of more than 5 million, and the labor participation rate is slow to rise, especially the labor participation rate of 25-54 year olds has already approached the pre-pandemic high.
In addition, due to the strong savings and consumer credit of American residents, the strong demand for consumption will further delay the impact of contraction policies on the employment market.
The continued tight supply and demand in the US job market will be the backdrop of the US economy in 2023.
Coupled with the fact that interest rates are nearing the end of their cycle and inflation expectations are fluctuating, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Prior to this data release, the US stock, bond and foreign exchange markets were overly optimistic about the Fed's path of interest rate hikes.
As inflation data continued to improve, the Fed maintained a delicate balance between shortening the pace of interest rate hikes and sustaining market inflation expectations, but the market ignored the Fed's hawkish tone, expecting not only an early end to interest rate hikes but also two rate cuts by the end of the year.
In a situation where the supply and demand of labor are tight and the impact of contractionary policies is unclear, we believe that the Fed's guidance on interest rate hikes at the end of the year is relatively reasonable, and the adjustment of extreme market expectations and the congestion of trading may cause some harm to the market.
Despite this, the stubbornness of wage growth is difficult to change in the current trend of rapid inflation decline. With M2 data turning negative year-on-year and various leading indicators of CPI gradually improving, US CPI data has been turning to a period of rapid decline since October. The stubbornness of wage growth will only cushion future inflation data, and current market expectations are difficult to refute. The market may enter a new round of competition after the next inflation data is released.
The founder of Suning, Zheng Yonggang, passed away due to sudden heart disease. He led the transformation of China's first clothing company - Economic Observer - a professional financial news website.
On February 11, the WeChat public account of Economic Observer Network, which is certified by Suning Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Suning Holdings"), published an announcement stating that Suning Enterprises' founder and chairman of the board of directors of Suning Holdings, Zheng Yongqiang, died on February 10, 2023 due to sudden heart disease, at the age of 65.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of a state-owned cotton spinning factory. After being transferred, in 1989, Zheng Yonggang became the director of the Ningbo Yunhua Garment General Factory, the predecessor of Suning Holdings.
In December 2022, at the 20th China Enterprise Leaders Annual Meeting and the 22nd China Enterprise Future Stars Annual Meeting, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the market share of the Suning brand had reached 37%.
Suning Holdings (600884.SH) went public in 1996 and became the first listed company in the Chinese clothing industry.
Just as the clothing business was booming, Suning Group began to transform, because Zhang Yonggang realized that "once the market is opened up, Chinese brands will naturally form a tiered brand market, and Suning Suit will not be able to remain the sole leader and long-term national uniform for Chinese people" .
In 1999, Suning began to research corporate transformation. Zhang Yongqang recalled that year, “We came to Shanghai to find out what to transform into, and we specially invited many experts and scholars to hold some Zhuge Liang meetings and Taoyuan seminars.
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is big health with a future.
After determining the strategic direction, Sunsun began to look for partners. At that time, the carbon research institute of Anshan Thermal Energy Institute was doing a national 863 project, and the research funding was insufficient, so Sunsun and the carbon research institute of Anshan Thermal Energy Institute signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the national 863 project "intermediate carbon microspheres" project, engage in the research, production and sales of negative materials, and promote the commercial use of negative materials in China.
In 2001, Shenshan achieved the mass production of intermediary graphite spheres, and began to replace imports with domestic production, becoming the main supplier of intermediary graphite spheres in the country.
This is China's first lithium-ion battery negative material production enterprise, which has achieved the domestic production of lithium-ion battery negative materials.
As the application of lithium batteries rapidly spread, SUNPLAST's lithium battery business began to develop gradually. In 2007, the lithium material business was included in SUNPLAST's main business, and the proportion of revenue from the clothing business decreased year by year until 2013, when SUNPLAST's lithium material business revenue fully surpassed that of the clothing business.
In February 2021, SunSun successfully acquired the LG Chem polarizing film business and entered the LCD polarizing film market, and established a polarizing film company, SunGold Optoelectronics. This field has a relatively high technical content, and SunSun's main competitors are all in the Fortune Global 500, such as Samsung in South Korea, Sumitomo Chemical in Japan, and JDI.
Zheng Yonggang has shared his experience in post-merger management. “Chinese private enterprises acquire some high-tech companies internationally, but the success rate is relatively low. Why do these acquisitions fail?
Because everyone will consider, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to manage it, this is a common behavior”, however, Zhang Yongqiang is different, on the day when Sunshine acquired Sunshine, Zhang Yongqiang announced in front of everyone at Sunshine Optoelectronics that Sunshine, as a major shareholder of Sunshine, decided to implement a dual-system management, except for Zhang Yongqiang serving as the chairman, no one from Sunshine Enterprise will be sent to Sunshine, and the existing distribution system, corporate culture, and various management models will remain unchanged.
ICC Xintong News released the negative data for 2022, showing that the negative electrode output of Shanshan exceeded 200,000 tons in 2022, with a 100% increase year-on-year, accounting for 16% of the market share, and the negative electrode material made of artificial graphite ranked first in terms of output.
In terms of polarizing film business, Yano Research statistics show that the market share of Sunkyung Opto in the global market reached 29% in 2022, and it is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the revenue of Shanshui Pharmaceutical was 15.841 billion yuan, and the net profit was 2.313 billion yuan. On February 10, the stock price of Shanshui Pharmaceutical was 19.24 yuan/share, and the total market value was 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Sunsun said on an interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's graphitized effective capacity will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitized capacity of the Meishan project is still in the process of increasing.
Wand said that at present, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshui.
Tianyancha shows that Zeng Yonggang holds a total shareholding percentage of 40.1% in Shanshui Controlling Limited.
The general manager of Sunsun Holdings is Li Zhixia, born in 1968, and has served as the chairman of Dongguan Sunsun Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Sunsun New Materials Technology Co., Ltd., and Hunan Sunsun Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and as the deputy general manager of Ningbo Sunsun Holdings Co., Ltd.
Sunsun Holdings said on February 10 on the investor interaction platform that there is no familial relationship between the senior management of the company and the actual controllers of the company.
“Fund E account” has arrived: the CSRC authorizes the development of the consolidation and inquiry of all funds held by investors - Economic Observer - a professional financial news website
Reporter Chen Mei of Economic Observer: The complicated channels for purchasing funds make it difficult to collect account information?
Always forgetting the “petty cash”?
These problems of the Kims will soon be resolved.
On February 10, the CSRC announced that the "Fund E Account" app was available for download and public testing on various mobile application stores.
It was reported that the “Fund E account” provides a “one-stop” query service for public fund accounts and share information for individual investors, aiming to solve the pain points of the industry, such as forgetting accounts and complicated queries for small and medium-sized investors.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were a total of 156 public fund management companies in China, managing fund assets of approximately 26 trillion yuan; there were 167 public fund share registration institutions and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The account systems of each share registration institution are independent of each other, and there is no unified query channel for the industry.
According to industry insiders, at the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in China, which means that half of the country's population invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to inquire about their purchases through different sales institutions, but with the "Fund E account", they can inquire about all purchases made through all sales channels, and have a clear understanding of their holdings.
What is the “Fund E account” app?
According to the relevant documents, the “Fund E Account” app is a mobile application developed and built by China Securities for the public fund industry, approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with a one-stop query of off-market shareholding of all public fund products.
Investors can conveniently and quickly obtain information about their holdings of off-exchange shares of publicly traded funds under various fund managers purchased through all sales channels in the market through the "Fund E Account", which can greatly improve the efficiency of inquiries.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through the "Fund E Account" includes information on fund accounts opened with all public fund managers, transaction accounts opened with public fund sales institutions, and the off-exchange shareholdings of products such as publicly offered securities investment funds and asset management plans established by securities companies with no limit on the number of investors.
Liu Yicheng, the business manager of the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told the reporter from Economic Observer that investors can use the "Fund E Account" app to obtain information on all of their offshore publicly offered funds, helping them to recover "forgotten assets", and more importantly, it allows customers to collect comprehensive information on their fund investments, helping them to better manage their investments, plan their finances and optimize their fund portfolio.
How do I register and use it?
The reporter noted that the "Fund E Account" app is now available in the app stores of Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and vivo, but the app is still in the public testing phase, and registration requires an invitation code, which investors can obtain by contacting the fund management company that manages their fund.
A customer service representative from a large public fund in Shanghai provided a six-digit invitation code to the reporter of Economic Observer and told the reporter, “During the trial run of the APP, China Clearing provides a certain number of invitation codes to each fund manager, which investors can obtain by calling us, and we will provide them.
After the trial run is over, users will no longer need an invitation code to register.
”
The reporter registered an account and completed a search by downloading and using the relevant documents under the "Fund E Account" published on the official website of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. The whole process took only a few minutes and was divided into four steps: user registration, real name authentication, bonding of fund accounts, and public fund search.
After the real name authentication process, click the "Assets" fund binding button. All fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms are displayed in the binding options list (accounts that can be bound). After binding, you can see the total assets of the funds you have invested in and can start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the “Fund E account” only provides query services for investors and cannot be used for redemption and trading.
The data displayed in the "Fund E account" is generally the date of the user's query (T day) plus three trading days.
For example, on February 10, when you open the "Fund E account", the total assets, fund shares, and net asset value displayed on the asset page correspond to three trading days before that date, i.e., February 7.
Copyright statement: The above content is an original work of the Economic Observer, and the copyright belongs to the Economic Observer.
Without the authorization of the Economic Observer, any reproduction or mirroring is strictly prohibited, and the relevant parties will be held legally responsible.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
The United States, Japan, and the Philippines have reached a consensus on defense against the CCP
In Asia, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan on February 9 and met with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's infringement on the South China Sea and East China Sea. The leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement after the meeting, stating that they would sign a trilateral defense agreement with the United States to conduct substantive defense exchanges and oppose the CCP's hegemonic policies.
According to Japanese media, Kishida wants to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to address the crisis in the Taiwan Strait.
In early January, Xiaomi's CEO visited China and signed a deal worth $20 billion.
However, after that, Sino-Philippine relations not only did not improve, but rather deteriorated.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to the US military to ensure security in the South China Sea.
The newly added base is 300 kilometers from Taiwan and is the closest location to China.
If a crisis occurs in Taiwan, the US military may launch an operation from its base in the Philippines.
Japanese media believes that now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia, and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States to build a "counter-China arc" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
The Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, Xia Litian, conveyed the following message during his visit to China: under the 92 Consensus, the Green Party is welcome to visit Taiwan.
This time, the Vice Chairman of the Chinese Nationalist Party of Taiwan, Shih Li-yun, met with the Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the Chinese government, Song Tao, and with the member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, Wang Huning.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor to the Kuomintang's official institution, the Guoguang Foundation, was interviewed by the Taiwan Central News Agency yesterday evening. He gave a positive evaluation of what Song Tao said about Xia Litian, stating that as long as they recognize the "92 Consensus" and oppose Taiwan independence, China welcomes Green Party members to visit the mainland.
The KMT side evaluated it as a new thing.
Xia Liyin met with Song Tao earlier in the day, but the news report did not mention this statement.
The ruling Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan has been clarifying its rejection of the "92 Consensus" for days.
According to Central News Agency today, the delegation led by the Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, Shih Li-kun, visited China and met with the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, Wang Huning, the new Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, Song Tao, and the Secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee, Yin Li.
When Shi Liyin and Song Tao met, they discussed the political basis of the national unification, which is the "92 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor of the Nationalist Party's National Government Fund, said during the meeting that the Nationalist Party's "92 Consensus" is the original "92 Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this was different from the previous meetings he had participated in.
In recent video conferences with scholars on the mainland, as well as in this one, I have not heard any scholars talk about the use of force or the "anti-secession law", but rather about the resumption of exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the situation between the two sides was tense and dangerous, and the mainland hoped to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the CCP and the DPP, the latter still wants to do a good job of working with Taiwanese, and the representatives do not want to ruin cross-strait relations.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also gave instructions to Song Tao in person, saying “you must implement the requests made by them (Taiwanese farmers and fishermen)”, and if it is not possible to solve the problem comprehensively, it should be handled on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the KMT members mentioned the daily harassment of Taiwan by Chinese military aircraft and warships during their visit to the mainland, or whether the reporters from Central News Agency asked such questions during their interviews.
The Federation of Labour once again mobilizes a large-scale protest against the government's retirement reform plan
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions launched a nationwide mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of social protests against the draft reform of the government pension system.
The number of people who respond to the call for the rally may affect the next action plan of the labor groups.
This is the fourth time in a month that the eight largest trade union groups in France have jointly launched a nationwide mobilization, and it is the first time that the protests have been scheduled for a Saturday.
Since Saturday is a day off for most French people, they do not need to choose between participating in a demonstration or a strike, and the trade union groups therefore hope that today's gathering will attract more people.
The unions of the public transportation system, subway, and public railway companies did not call for a strike today, and the public transportation system should be able to operate normally, allowing citizens to travel to the rally locations. Meanwhile, people in areas where schools begin winter vacation can travel normally.
The trade union groups hope that more than a million people will participate in the rally today, while the police expect a national participation of between 600,000 and 800,000 people, with 90,000 to 120,000 people gathering in the Paris city center.
Since the beginning of the protests against the government's pension reform plan, although opinion polls show that the majority of French people do not support measures to delay the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people who have actually taken to the streets to participate in the protests has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 brought together 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of protesters on Tuesday (February 7) has dwindled to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
This pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition parties, especially those led by the radical left, have submitted countless amendment proposals, which has slowed down the review process.
The debates between the two sides have also become increasingly intense and acrimonious.
A member of the radical left-wing party France Insoumise recently posted a picture of himself on social media standing on a balloon with the image of the Minister of Labor, sparking protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly finally announced a 15-day ban on the member's parliamentary activities as punishment for this behavior.
Although this reform plan has triggered the largest social movement in France in the past 20 years, so far the government has made only minor adjustments to the draft and has not made any major concessions.
The trade union has already prepared to launch another action on Thursday next week, March 16th, and on March 7th, when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion, the trade union also plans to organize a demonstration.
China encourages higher birth rates and donations of sperm to universities with high standards
The Human Sperm Bank in Yunnan Province, China, issued an announcement on the 9th, inviting those with a college degree or higher or currently enrolled in college to donate sperm. Successful donors will receive a subsidy of 4,500 yuan for 8 to 12 donations.
According to Taiwanese media reports today, the message topped the Weibo trending topics on the day it was posted and prompted many provinces and cities, including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong, and Beijing, to follow suit.
According to a report by the Liberty Times, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
Universities across the country have different donor requirements. The highest donor requirements are in Beijing, where in addition to academic qualifications, donors must be at least 1.70 meters tall, have good facial features, no significant hair loss, and no higher than 600 degrees of myopia.
According to the report, the sperm bank in Yunnan Province stated that donors could receive a full male reproductive health check-up worth 1000 yuan, “especially sperm and chromosome testing, which most people have never done before and is important for understanding their reproductive status”.
The donor requirements include a height of 165 cm or above, a college degree or higher, no color blindness or weakness, and no genetic or infectious diseases such as hepatitis B.
The report quotes a report from the Chinese news agency Tianmu News, which states that the sperm bank in Shaanxi Province has posters with the slogan “paid donation of sperm, infinite honor”, calling on young people to donate sperm and encouraging netizens to share the message, “to spread love”.
The price in Shaanxi is higher than in Yunnan, and eligible individuals can receive 300 yuan in cash each time, and those who donate sperm a certain number of times can receive a subsidy of 5,000 yuan.
Currently, the highest subsidy is known to be in Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
The last communist prime minister of East Germany has passed away.
The successor of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that "last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
Therefore, our party has lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the Berlin Wall, which had separated East Berlin and West Berlin for 28 years, was opened, Modrow said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.
At that time, the leaders of the Communist Party were forced to step down due to protests by demonstrators throughout East Germany demanding democracy and freedom.
Gorbachev, after coming to power in the Soviet Union, demanded changes in the Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free election in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results led to him no longer serving as prime minister.
Although Modrow carried out reforms, opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and reunification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for attempting to reform rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Mordrow was found guilty of election fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but did not go to prison.
Some have claimed that these accusations are politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament, and from 1999 to 2004, he served as a member of the European Parliament.
Modero sees himself as a reformer and hopes to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said that the achievements of East Germany should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica in Poland) and received training as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a sergeant in the youth fire brigade and, as the conflict drew to a close, became a member of the Nazi militia, the Volkssturm, which conscripted men aged 16 to 60 to fight in the final battles.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by the Soviet army and taken as a prisoner to the Soviet Union, where he took part in anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year that East Germany was established, he returned to his home country and found a job as a mechanic. He continued to study social sciences and economics and earned a doctorate.
Modrow was a member of the Free German Youth movement, which almost all young people in East Germany joined, and he rose to become the chairman of the Dresden regional party through the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) between 1973 and 1989.
He also served in the parliament of East Germany for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state office.
Iran marks revolution anniversary, hackers who support protests shocked by president's TV speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official gathering to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution on Saturday, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted a televised speech by President Ebrahim Raisi.
The president's live television speech was interrupted for about a minute on the internet, with the screen showing the symbol of a group of black hat hackers against the Iranian government, whose name is "Edalat Ali (Ali's Justice)".
There was also a voice shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic".
According to a report by Reuters today, hackers interrupted the coverage of the national television station during the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution.
Iran's official commemoration of the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution was met with the most daring challenge from young protesters demanding the resignation of the hardline government in Leseh, but Leseh still called on "young people who have been deceived" to repent so that they can receive forgiveness from Iran's highest leaders.
Protests across the country continue in Iran following the death of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini in custody of the country's morality police in September.
The Iranian security forces' deadly crackdown on protests is one of the most significant challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since the 1979 revolution overthrew 2,500 years of monarchy.
As part of the commemoration of the anniversary of the revolution, Iranian authorities released on Friday the imprisoned dissidents Farhad Meysami and Fariba Adelkhah, who were on hunger strike in protest.
Earlier, the supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty decree, which includes some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
According to the human rights organization HRANA, as of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors.
The report also says that 70 government security personnel were killed.
It is believed that up to 19,763 protesters have been arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and state media have been calling for a vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government.
On the night of Friday, the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, official media showed fireworks as part of government-sponsored celebrations, and people shouted "Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!)” he said.
However, many people could also be heard shouting "Down with the dictator!" at the rally.
" and the "death of the Islamic Republic" in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, the government television station broadcasted live footage of official gatherings from all over the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, domestic anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers, and other military equipment were displayed.
President Leshy's speeches are often interrupted by the slogan "America, go to hell" - a signature slogan at rallies in the state.
The crowd also shouted "Death to Israel".
Reuters said that Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, which is a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on charges of national security.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she returned to prison.
Adelkhah denied these allegations.
Meszaros was released a week ago after his supporters warned that he was at risk of death due to his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of headscarves.
The French Foreign Ministry called for the restoration of Adelkhah's freedom on Friday, following her release, "including if she wishes, she should be allowed to return to France.
”
Has the balloon incident opened the eyes of the United States?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a report in the Wall Street Journal today, the United States is preparing to further tighten its export of technology to China following the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials say the balloon incident highlights the national security threat posed by China and will generate more political support for strengthening U.S. technology protections.
The United States claims that the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior official of the US Central Intelligence Agency and currently employed by the Washington think tank New America Security Center.
"This is undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire and supports the hardline view on China."
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said on Thursday that "we will also consider taking broader action to expose and respond to China's larger-scale surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security and that of our allies and partners."
"US officials said they had informed the governments of more than 30 countries of the above balloon incident, and international coordination is crucial to counter the threat from China.
According to Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Select Committee on the Strategic Competition Between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party in the US House of Representatives may also put pressure on the United States to take more severe measures to slow down China's development.
She said that members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a harder stance, which could force the White House to adopt a more aggressive policy.
The Wall Street Journal states that many people who advocate for stricter export controls are also pushing for the scope of the controls to be expanded to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The US government has also been developing a foreign investment review plan to examine whether US investments overseas pose a potential national security threat from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls to move more quickly on the plan.
The earthquake relief work in Syria continues day and night.
Since the strong earthquake that hit Turkey and neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked tirelessly day and night in the rubble of thousands of buildings destroyed by the earthquake to rescue survivors buried under debris.
In the cold, they often call for silence, as they strain to hear any sign of life amid the ruins of the concrete pile.
According to a report by Reuters today, two more women were rescued from the rubble of the earthquake after surviving for several days.
However, the number of deaths caused by the earthquake rose to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey was 20,665, and in Syria it exceeded 3,500.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that occurred on Monday was followed by several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, making it the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing the earthquake and tsunami in Japan in 2011 and coming close to the 31,000 deaths caused by the earthquake in neighboring Iran in 2003.
A similar strong earthquake that occurred in northwestern Turkey in 1999 caused the deaths of more than 17,000 people.
The Turkish authorities said on Saturday that two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years, and that rescuers in Turkey pulled the women out from the rubble of collapsed buildings.
Another injured man, 55-year-old Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In the cold, rescuers often call for silence as they try to hear any signs of life from the rubble.
In the Samandag district of Turkey, rescuers crouched under the concrete slabs, whispering "Inshallah" - "God willing" - as they carefully reached into the rubble to rescue a newborn baby, just 10 days old.
He opened his eyes wide, and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and taken to a field hospital.
The video footage shows that the emergency personnel also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale-faced on the stretcher, but conscious.
Fuat Oktay, the Vice President of Turkey, told reporters overnight that 67 people were rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, and a total of 31,000 rescue personnel were deployed in the affected areas.
He said that about 80,000 people were receiving treatment in hospitals, while 1.05 million people were homeless due to the earthquake and were crammed into temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, the public's doubts about the disaster relief response of the leaders of the two countries are increasing.
According to Syrian official media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma visited a hospital in Aleppo, which is reportedly the first time he has visited the affected area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said that due to the complicated rescue efforts caused by the war situation, its stocks in the northwestern part of Syria controlled by the rebels were about to run out.
On Friday, Erdogan visited the Adiyaman province of Turkey, where he admitted that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is seeking re-election in a May 14 vote that could be postponed by the disaster.
Reuters said that anger over the delay in providing aid and starting rescue efforts could affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge to Erdoğan's 20-year rule.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called "negative campaigning for political gain."
Kemal Kilicdaroglu, the leader of Turkey's main opposition party, criticized the government's response.
Critics said, “The earthquake was big, but what is more serious than the earthquake is the lack of coordination, lack of planning, and incompetence.
”
VNA Hanoi – According to a report by a VNA correspondent, during his visit to Brunei Darussalam, on the morning of February 11, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, also known as “Brunei University”).
The University of Brunei Darussalam is the largest center for higher education and scientific research in Brunei, and is ranked third in the university rankings in the region.
The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of Vietnam's cooperation with Brunei in education and training.
In July 2013, the University of Brunei Darussalam officially established a cooperative relationship with Vietnam's FPT University, with English language training as the main area of cooperation.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei Darussalam has also included Vietnamese in its curriculum.
During a visit to the University of Brunei, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Pham Minh Chinh, and his wife exchanged with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh is happy that more and more foreigners are learning Vietnamese, and he is actively contributing to promoting the cultural characteristics and local customs of Vietnam to the world.
The Prime Minister of the government, Phan Minh Chinh, expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching team at the University of Brunei will become stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language class are becoming more interested in the language, working hard to learn it fluently, and will soon become ambassadors of the friendly and cooperative relationship between Vietnam and Brunei.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also communicated with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Tien Giang City via video, to learn about their learning situation, especially during the pandemic.
According to the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Phan Van Mai, the cooperation between FPT University in Vietnam and the University of Brunei Darussalam, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei in education.
At the same time, the students of the center are expected to make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and other countries.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh highly praised the achievements of the two countries in educational cooperation during his discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of Brunei University, including the cooperation between FPT University and Brunei University, as well as the initiative of Brunei University to include Vietnamese language in its curriculum.
Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh hopes that the University of Brunei Darussalam will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the size of the Vietnamese language program.
The Prime Minister of Vietnam, Pham Minh Chinh, also highly evaluated the positive results achieved by the two countries in cooperation based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Educational Cooperation signed in April 2014; he recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively implement various short-term exchange training programs, such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Fan Mingjing highly praised the establishment of the first branch campus of the University of Brunei Darussalam in Vietnam; believes that the university's development scale is increasingly strong in the region and the world; and further expand cooperation with Vietnamese higher education institutions.
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha and his wife planted a commemorative tree in the campus of the University of Brunei and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Prayut Wongsuwan wished that the University of Brunei Darussalam would continue to develop and contribute more and more to Brunei's education, and that it would develop deeper and broader cooperation with educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(Finished)
VietNam News Agency
VNA Hanoi – The Prime Minister of Vietnam, Pham Minh Chinh, and his wife have successfully completed their official visits to Singapore and Brunei, achieving comprehensive, practical and concrete results, according to a report by VNA’s correspondent.
In the three days of his visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingcheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements made have injected new impetus into the promotion of the strategic partnership and comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and Laos, towards deeper, broader and more effective directions.
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh continued to reiterate Vietnam's foreign policy of independence, pluralism, and change, and its desire to be a good friend and reliable partner to all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of each country, and the commitment to promoting the welfare of their people and to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At various meetings and conferences, Prime Minister Fan Mingjie agreed with the leaders of Singapore and Brunei to continuously strengthen political trust with Vietnam through the exchange of high-level delegations, the effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms, and various important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnership with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening Comprehensive Partnership with Brunei from 2023 to 2027 are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnership.
Image from Vietnam News Agency
During the meeting with business leaders, the symposium or the attendance of economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates favorable conditions for Singaporean and Bruneian businesses to expand their investment in digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity in Vietnam.
This visit not only helps deepen the cooperation between Vietnam, Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, foreign affairs, economy, security, defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and civil exchanges, but also creates a framework for cooperation in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
The King of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah, and Prime Minister Fan Mingjie are preparing to enter into bilateral talks.
Image from Vietnam News Agency
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the Vietnamese communities living in the local areas.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh suggested that the authorities of both countries pay more attention and ensure fair treatment for the local Vietnamese community, create favorable conditions for contributing to local society and cultivating relations between the two countries.
This proposal was agreed upon and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Fan Mingjie shared with the leaders of the two countries their desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain unity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance the central role of ASEAN in the complex and changing regional and international context.
Based on the important achievements obtained, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai's official visit to Singapore and Brunei has made positive contributions to the effective implementation of the 13th National Congress's foreign policy line of prioritizing the strengthening of relations with ASEAN neighboring countries, the effective implementation of the 12th conclusion of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam on the Vietnamese overseas community in the new situation (12-KL/TW), and the mobilization of the national unity force.
(Finished)
What exactly was the “object” that was shot down over Alaska?
It is confusing and there are many guesses.
On Friday (February 10), the US military again used the most advanced stealth fighter jet F-22 to shoot down an unidentified object flying in the airspace of Alaska, USA.
The location where it crashed is ten miles from the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the US military has shot down an aerial object.
Last Saturday, a Chinese spy balloon was destroyed in the airspace above the coast of South Carolina in the United States, after drifting for several days in the airspace of the United States.
The Pentagon said that the second object, which entered US airspace for the first time on Thursday night, was tracked by the US military as it moved over northeast Alaska at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet). It was about the size of a small car and much smaller than the previous Chinese spy balloon that was shot down.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no evidence that the object is maneuverable.
John Coby, the strategic communications coordinator of the National Security Council of the White House, said on Friday that although the specific appearance of the object flying in the sky was unclear, it "posed a reasonable threat to the safety of civilian aircraft."
Kobe said that this object was different from the spy balloon found in the United States, as it did not have a "payload" attached to it.
Kobe said, "We call it a 'thing' because that's the best description we can give it at the moment."
President Biden listened to the advice of the Pentagon before ordering the object to be shot down, and he made the decision "very carefully," Cobie added.
The official description of the object by the United States can be summarized as follows: it is the size of a small car, has no control sticks, no suspension system, and flies at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
However, this information still cannot answer basic questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is carrying out.
Currently, many analyses and speculations online suggest that it may be another Chinese balloon.
It may be from China, just like the spy balloon that invaded US airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, and it may be performing some kind of task in different locations.
Some people have linked this "object" in Alaska with "unidentified flying objects" (UFOs).
A report by the American news weekly cites a tweet posted on Friday by Peter Meijer, a former member of the US House of Representatives, saying, "I really hope that this 'unidentified flying object' is a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO."
"It is surprising that the comparison of alien spacecraft with weather balloons is being made in a humorous way, but it is not worth triggering an intergalactic conflict," said Mayer.
Megye posted the tweet shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said that more than just Mejia doubted that the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Congressman Tim Burchett criticized the government's cover-up of information last month and demanded that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
Amazon's customer service attitude is hard to believe.
I estimate that very few people have seen this, but I still want to say a few words.
This shirt was originally a lace-up shirt when we bought it, but it ended up being a short-sleeved shirt for me.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service, and at that time it was confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I requested a refund, and the customer service representative said they would look into it, and then I immediately saw that the product name had been changed to short sleeves, and it turned out that the link I had bought was taken down.
Then the customer service representative informed me that I could either keep the goods and receive a certain amount of compensation, or return them.
Is this how Amazon operates?
It's really hard to believe. The fact that the wrong clothes were sent is not my problem. As a consumer, I want to receive the product I paid for, and I didn't make any exaggerated demands. Amazon changed the name and said it was out of stock.
This is my first long review, and I hope it's not my last.
Sleeves that are incomprehensible to people
It is said to be made of leather, but it is actually quite hard. However, if you look closely, there are many small cracks, making it unclear whether it is genuine leather. Moreover, the sleeves of this coat are truly incomprehensible. The sleeves of a jacket are usually longer than the sleeves of a dress, but usually only by 1-2 cm. This coat is 5 cm longer, and the arms should naturally hang down at the position of the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this coat cover the fingers.
It's easy to buy clothes, and it's easy to return them.
But when will the money be returned?
The clothes are well made, but because they are too small, I had to return them. However, it has been more than a week since I returned the clothes, and I still haven’t received a refund?
Moreover, the buyer had to contact the dishonest company, FullFast Express, and this was the worst shopping experience since buying items from Amazon!
However, the store was good and cooperated actively to speed up the delivery and refund, but the work of this Fullpeak Express is really infuriating. It took about half a month to refund the money. This partner is just trying to drag Amazon’s feet. The work efficiency is poor and there is no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
It's a 99-second killer.
The workmanship, color, and feel of the underpants are all good, they are soft/thin and not oily.
Unfortunately, the model is slim, which is more suitable for young people.
3XL, flat waist circumference 2 feet 5 inches, maximum stretch 4 feet, 1.79/80 kilograms, the waist is a bit tight.
It seems like there is no tightening belt around my waist, and it is quite difficult to loosen it a bit.
In addition, wearing a tight-fitting garment is uncomfortable.
It's good, but not very brightly colored.
I just bought it and it has already risen by more than 200 yuan. What’s going on?
The first time Amazon used the delivery service, the package was not delivered to my home. Afterwards, the delivery person was contacted twice to arrange a new delivery time, but the delivery person did not deliver the package. Afterwards, the package was simply returned to me, and this dishonest delivery person had no integrity whatsoever. I strongly recommend that you do not use this delivery service again.
This time, they also returned a hoodie I bought, and the price went up by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon should not sell its own products
Buy it when it’s on sale, it’s not cheap, but the reviews are very good.
When I received the product, I was stunned. The surface of the product was heavily worn in many places, and there were signs of wear in many other places. It was either a substandard product or a used one. See the picture below.
I applied for a refund, and the manufacturer's people said it was due to transportation after seeing the pictures, isn't that just a lie?
How could there be wear and tear inside the goods?
There are only two possibilities: either it is a substandard or old product, or I deliberately damaged the product and then returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I did not damage the goods, but based on my Amazon shopping history, I believe that such goods should not be included in Amazon's own products. Customers choose Amazon's own products because they trust them. Customer win, we win. The customer's success is the success of the manufacturer, and I hope that we can all work together to improve this situation. Thank you.
I have been using this product for less than a year and two E2s have appeared. I don’t know how to handle this?
I purchased this product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, the two sets of red E2 lights on the right side of the receiver frequently turned on, which may indicate a problem with the transmitting module. This does not seem to be consistent with the 7-year lifespan of the transmitting module mentioned on the Amazon website, and I can’t find any after-sales service on the Amazon website. What should I do?
It's okay.
The first purchase was a bad one.
It doesn't feel new.
The labels on the box were torn off, and the labels on the body of the device were also damaged.
And it always goes blank.
It was better after the change.
The switching is pretty fast, it gets a bit blurry at night and the field of view isn't very wide, but it's good enough for everyday use.
The only downside is that there is no card, I bought it myself, and also the fact that I have bought a phone from Amazon before.
There is a sticker on the packaging to prevent it from being opened, but there isn't one this time. When I bought the phone, there was a sticker that looked like it could be pasted onto the warranty card, but there isn't one this time.
I am confused because I don't know if the price has gone down or not.
Waiting for the supplier to respond
The packaging had no label, so I called the supplier and said that the lack of label indicated authenticity. If you have any doubts, you can mail the product to Johnson & Johnson for verification using the scraps on the edges and corners. They also left their license plate number and phone number, and promised to send a text message to notify me that they had entered my information into the warranty card on the Johnson & Johnson website. But I still haven’t received any text message.
I received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's self-produced products are also very reliable.
The mechanic who changed the oil said the oil was clear and good quality.
Because it was the second time I purchased it.
So I am still very reassured.
The delivery was fast, and there was no flaw in the packaging. After using this oil, the engine noise decreased significantly.
It is good value for money, and it is difficult to find synthetic engine oil for less than 200.
Support Star Crown, support winning, and effectively protect your car.
Japan Amazon caused serious harm to the interests of buyers due to customer service issues (the delivery of 8c mites as 8cm mites) (8c = 14cm, 8cm = 2c)
They admitted their mistake, but kept shifting the blame, always emphasizing that the goods were third-party goods and could not be controlled by them.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
I originally purchased the page in size options 7c, 8, and 9c, and thought it was a trap at the time. I called the Chinese customer service of JD.com and clearly informed them that 8 was 8c, but when the goods arrived in China, I found that there was only 8cm, and I felt that this was a deliberate trap set up to cheat Chinese people (according to Amazon’s after-sales service). Now, the page no longer has this option.
Chinese customer service: I am sorry for causing you losses, we offer you two options:
1. You can return the item, and the buyer will bear all the shipping costs.
2. If you do not return the item, we will compensate you with 1,000 yen.
(I calculated the cost of the shoes, which were over 4,000 yen, and converted them to 200 RMB. Since I didn't have any shoes, the loss was 200 yuan.
Choice 2: I have shoes, and they compensated me 2000 yen in the end, and the loss was 150 RMB. Customer service: We have recorded it, and we will handle it seriously. The next day, they sent me a letter saying that I do not accept the mediation of the Chinese customer service, and that was it.
I said: when the purchase page had confusing options like 7c, 8c, and 9c, the Chinese customer service representative told me that Japanese codes are not like that, they are more like 140, but did you check other bug pages?
There are cases where there are both American and Japanese codes mixed together.
Furthermore, why did you put the 8cm size in between the 7c and 9c sizes, which are the smallest sizes, and what does it mean to put it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese services, but we do not know if you want to ship it back to your country, so we will not compensate for the shipping fee.
I don’t understand this logic anymore. I am Japanese and I need Chinese customer service. Chinese living in Japan don’t need Chinese customer service. Tourists visiting Japan don’t have the time to make international long-distance calls, so the question arises: who needs to call the Chinese customer service of Amazon Global Shopping? It’s probably people like me who shop on Amazon Japan.
Isn't Amazon's Chinese customer service just convenient for those who do cross-border shopping?
I am not very satisfied with this purchase.
This is the second time I have purchased Bambi diapers from Amazon. I had previously bought a box when my baby was 2 months old. I chose the diapers made of European imported paper. The first time I bought them, I was quite satisfied. My baby used one diaper all night, and it really can meet the need for 12 hours without changing diapers.
However, this time when I bought L-brand diapers, there were two packages in one box, and when I opened them, I found that the paper was quite soft, which was noticeably different from the imported Pampers. After using them on my baby, I found that they were still okay, and there were no signs of leaks or rashes.
However, when the second pack of diapers was used, red rashes appeared immediately on the inside of the baby's thighs, and they have not faded away yet.
I suspect that the two packets in one box are of different quality.
I won't be buying from them again!
Wish to pay attention to the transport protection of the package
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have ever seen for an online purchase. There are no protective measures at all, no cushioning foam, no buffer material, nothing.
Just a deformed box.
Moreover, the cardboard boxes inside were packaged in soft boxes, and the boxes were crushed and deformed.
I hope it is genuine and of good quality, and I won’t dare to buy anything from Amazon in the future.
I would rather pay a little more at home, but have some guarantees.
Moreover, the issue of packaging for consumer products has been commented on since 2016, and it still looks the same now, 19 years later.
This shows that Amazon doesn’t really care about customer feedback, which is a far cry from domestic e-commerce giants such as JD and Tmall.
It was beautiful, but a bit disappointing.
I really like the color of the entire cup, which is orange-red. Although my family is a man's family, I still think that orange-red and yellow look great together.
It's smaller than I imagined, but it was meant to be taken out of the house, so it's still acceptable.
Last night, I tried it at home and found that the distance between the straw and the lid was too close after the lid was pushed open. Because the straw is positioned vertically, my son always has to hold the bump on the lid while drinking, and he thinks this part could be improved.
It seems that the straw cups of other brands are tilted for a reason, because kids really care about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and high capacity
I like that it is lightweight and has a large opening, but the two separate compartments seem a bit excessive to me, and I’m not sure what to put in them.
After I bought it, I found another one from a different brand that was very similar, for less than 200 yuan.
Fake goods are particularly bad.
I bought fake goods from Amazon, and I was fooled.
The customer service said that since I used it, I can't return it, and I don't know it's fake.
Because of trust, we are saddened; after all, it is a makeup product. So, please go to a physical store and buy it. It is a little more expensive.
Because it was a flash sale, I didn't read the comments, and I have already submitted the e-commerce platform to the State Administration for Market Regulation. Let's fight for our rights together.
Is it broken?
Fake goods?
In short, a tragedy.
The second patch was chosen because it had fine pores, but when I opened it, it had a strange smell, so I thought it was normal because I had never used this product before. When I put it on my face, I couldn't stand it anymore, it was so strong, I can't describe it, I coughed immediately, my eyes were also hurting and I was crying, so I took it off and washed my face immediately.
I tried another copy of the same product, but it doesn't have as strong a flavor, and I'm currently using it.
It reminded me a bit of the smell of cheap hair dye in a salon.
It's hard to imagine that Amazon's own-brand skincare products will be avoided from now on.
Traitors.
At the time of purchase, the activity page said that when you spend 99 yuan, you will receive a set of "Three-Body Problem" books. However, the product was not included in the package. When I called customer service, they asked me to show them the screenshot of the activity at the time of purchase. The problem is that whoever bought the product saved the webpage screenshot, and you need the customer to provide it for you. Buyers, please be careful and save evidence in the future.
Feeling it afterwards
This is the first time I have bought something on Amazon, and I have a few feelings about it. First, when I used the product, I felt that it was painless and had no stimulating taste. Overall, it was pretty good. It fell off after about 8 minutes of use, but there was a small amount of hair on it. If you don't look closely, you won't notice it. Overall, it's pretty good. As for the future, I will continue to use it and see how it goes.
Anyway, I think this thing is really good.
The second time I ordered on the 27th and received the goods on the 12th, a total of 15 days or half a month, and the delivery person from Amazon was also very nice.
Thirdly, don't believe what Amazon says about Black Friday. I placed an order on Friday and the price dropped by nearly 12 dollars after two days. That is, I bought it for more than 170 dollars (including shipping and other fees), and it feels like they raise the price when they have a promotion.
The customer service representative said that the price fluctuates, but after I monitored it for more than 10 days, the price was just like this, with not much fluctuation.
Affordable price, made in Japan, with Chinese labels, with granules, and absolutely refundable!
The ones with grains inside are refreshing and leave your teeth feeling smooth. It's much better than some other second-hand products. They say they are imported, but many of them don't have Chinese labels, so I don't know where they are sourced from.
From now on, I will never buy second-hand goods again as long as Amazon has them.
I have a suggestion. Sometimes the order confirmation doesn’t show up on the Amazon app. I hope you can improve the app, and it will get better and better!
Over the years, Excellent has gotten worse and worse, with no quality of service to speak of!
Garbage Excellent does not take into account customer needs and delivers orders between 19:00 and 22:00.
Because there is an elderly person in the family who is unable to get out of bed after surgery, the delivery can only be made at night.
The result was that they came straight to my door at 12 noon, without even calling first.
If the delivery time is up to your discretion, why bother to make up a time for customers to choose from?
If your logistics cannot guarantee service, then you should just give up on being an e-commerce business!
A senior with three wounds on his body had to get out of bed to open the door to receive a package, and had to find some spare change to pay for it!
The order has a contact phone number!
No one even called to explain!
The so-called complaint customer service at Excellent Net is a bunch of people from outside who pretend to help you and give you a so-called response to your complaint.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I had previously encountered similar problems with delivery times, but this time I couldn't take it anymore, it was too much!
The new book I bought was delivered with the front and back covers reversed, so I guess the quality problem is that I just sent the book to the customer with my eyes closed?
Even if you leave a negative comment, no one will contact you.
Over the years, Excellent has gotten worse and worse, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
I will not spend a penny on Excellence again.
The image quality is simply unacceptable.
As a title such as “Ancient Map Collection”, the book is really hard to accept in terms of the selection of images, layout, and printing, and some images are even pixelated, making them unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small illustration, it should not be a disgrace to the ancient Chinese documents left by our ancestors in the catalog!
(Moreover, many images can be obtained from relevant industry resources in clear original format) What is the difference between using such images to compile books and not using images at all?
I regret this kind of academic spirit.
I will not comment on the text, as everyone in the Fu family has their own opinions.
Overall rating: 2 stars.
When I was in grade 10, I picked up this book just to pass the time, thinking that I wouldn’t get addicted to it because I wasn’t really interested in web novels before.
Then... I fell into a hole.
Based on this storyline, the entire book is quite lighthearted. When Ye Zhu was still in the game, even when the guilds were at odds with each other, it was not at all heavy because they were often beaten by Ye Shen Dog.
As for the part about the competition, it describes the bittersweet feeling of the passing of time and the changing of the guard (perhaps because I am a sentimental person).
Reading the entire book took up a lot of my time in high school, but I just couldn't put it down.
The full-time depiction of characters and emotional lines is amazing, and some characters only appear occasionally but still leave a deep impression on people. Characters such as Ye Xiu, Huang Shuangtian, and Su Mochi, who are given more attention, have a large number of fans, while characters who are not in the center of the story, such as Jiang Bo, Chu Yu, and so on, are also very popular. In a light novel about e-sports, it is hard to find a character that is extremely disliked, which is the success of full-time in character depiction.
In terms of the romantic plot, there is no problem with the concubines in the game being either beautiful or corrupt, as is often the case in web novels. All the characters in the game have a common interest in Honor, and most of them want a fair and just victory.
The little conspiracies are there, but they don't amount to much, and everyone seems so simple and adorable.
This may also be why there are no unlikable characters in full-time employment.
The full-time IP is very large, and this is also due to this.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of web literature, Full-time is a good book.
He really does provide some excitement and a little bit of inspiration.
In April of this year, I decided to devote myself entirely to animation.
I have wanted to buy this book for a long time, but I never had enough money to buy it all at once. Then, when I decided to buy it, I found that the book was full of counterfeit products on TB. Recently, a new version has been released, and I really like the cover, but I still plan to buy the old version first. So, I looked for it on Amazon and bought a set at once.
Next, let me briefly explain the situation.
● The fourth book is not shrink-wrapped, but it is new.
● The seventeenth book was sealed but was opened, and the quality of the book feels strange and not hard.
● The 23rd and 17th books are the same, but are harder than the 17th book, but are also very old.
● The publishers of a few books seem to be the same as each other, for example, the 23rd and 17th, and different from others.
● Overall, I am satisfied; 24 books is a large box, and it satisfies me.
The little lion in despair
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as Lost City, but there's a lot of text!
I read it three times before finally reading the book to the little ones, about a little lion who knows how to shoot a gun and loves juice and candy.
When I saw the scene where the lion ate the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern city people find it hard to accept such an arrangement where animals eat humans.
In the end, this little lion, which had succeeded in human society, lost itself, and it was no longer entirely a lion or entirely a human.
Finally, only the silhouette of the little lion is left, and we don't know where he went.
Years later, the image of the little lion may still remain in the minds of the grown-up children, and be recalled by chance one day, perhaps touching or inspiring them.
A collection of works with great value for money
1. I didn't know about TASCHEN before, but I recently bought a lot of their books because they are so powerful, both in terms of their selection and production.
This work has been released in three versions, the largest of which is almost 50 cm long and 34 cm wide, just like the complete works of Leonardo da Vinci; the medium version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this version is the smallest, and comes with two books in a book box.
I personally think it is acceptable, firstly because it is cheap and the 700-plus pages are divided into two volumes, making it easier to read; secondly, it is different from the complete works of Michelangelo, where the paintings are the main focus, and the Da Vinci manuscripts are the majority, making it the best value for money for readers with limited budgets and who are not art majors.
2. The explanations for the paintings are great, with analysis of composition, drafts, and historical context (such as the Last Supper), but I’m not sure if it’s a printing or book size issue, some of the shadows are too deep, making it difficult to see the details, which is a bit of a shame.
3. Compared to Michelangelo's manuscripts, the content of Da Vinci's manuscripts is much richer.
The former is already a genius, and the latter's range of interests and achievements are too vast to be described as genius.
If you only looked at the paintings, you could only experience half of Da Vinci. After seeing the manuscripts, I was completely speechless.
Garbage, whoever buys it regrets it!
I never give a bad review, this is a total waste of money, you should give me a reason!
1. The time is not right, suddenly it becomes January 1st, and the time is reset.
2. The poor quality straps are not made of silicone, and they caused an allergic reaction on my wrist.
3. I can't get a phone signal.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. Sleep detection is not displayed, and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Other.
Logistics is too slow.
The result was received on the 21st, after the 16th, and it was a bad review!
The delivery is too bad, I thought it would be slow when I bought things on Amazon, but I didn’t expect it to be this slow!
Overall satisfied.
At first, I was worried about the packaging of the camera, but this time it was fine, and there was an inflatable bag inside. The camera was consistent in all three aspects, and I was able to register it on the official website. The shutter speed was 0, and the rest would have to wait to be tested.
The delivery speed is also quite fast. Here I want to complain about the delivery guy who put the valuable items in the lobby and left quickly. I couldn’t inspect the package in front of him, which is really ridiculous.
The seller thought of the customer before shipping the goods:)
The merchants are quite responsible and they specifically call to ask about the size of the camera screen, which is really thoughtful for the customers.
The delivery speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also quite suitable and useful.
The battery is not fully charged.
The machine is indeed good, I was wondering why it can’t be fully charged the first time I charged it. The charging indicator light has been red the whole time.
Currently, there is no official feedback channel for Amazon, so feedback can only be given in product reviews.
1. On March 29, the book was purchased for 31 yuan through pre-ordering, and it was shown that it would be pushed to the device on March 31. At this time, the book could not be previewed on the Amazon website (because it had not yet been published);
On March 31, the book pushed to the device was blank, with only the message "Please wait," and the electronic version of the book on Amazon was reduced to 18 yuan;
I have repeatedly tried to delete the blank book downloaded from the device and synchronize it again, but I am still unable to access the electronic version of "The Nature of Business" with the actual content. However, I can see that the book is available for preview on the Amazon website.
Currently, I have a few thoughts.
1. The issue of price is not the most important one. The key is how to replace the blank books on Kindle with books with actual content, rather than always being told to “please wait” when downloading.
2. You won't be able to buy the book again after pre-ordering it, because if you cancel the order, it will be very complicated to download a book with empty content;
3. I hope Amazon provides a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When there are doubts about the download or use of e-books, there should be a place to provide feedback (such as a ticket or online customer service, which can be used as a reference for how Microsoft’s official store does it).
I do not recommend reading it.
I read it a long time ago, and I just happened to see it again. I'll write a review based on my memory.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of fragments of life about love.
The tone of the book is extremely plain, like plain water, and the choice of words and phrases is the epitome of simplicity. The plot is also calm and plain, like a quiet street in the afternoon of a summer day.
Each short story is a fragment of time from an ordinary life, with no beginning or end.
They were finally collected and published under the title "When We Talk About Love, What Are We Talking About?"
I think this collection of short stories, and its title, is a form of performance art. The author wants to express that love is not just the ups and downs of a stage play, but also the cliché of urban legends. Love is not just a sticky bond between friends, but also the mundane and unremarkable aspects of life, the monotony of day after day, and the lack of direction in life, the avoidance of reality, and the uncertainty of the future.
When you read this book, you may remember the quarrelling couples around you, the boring marriages of people you know, and the unsatisfactory relationships.
This is precisely why I do not recommend reading it. From an aesthetic point of view, the writing and plot of the book are bland and uninteresting, unless you live a life of turmoil or are living in a candy castle. Otherwise, you will feel like you are reading something ordinary and boring.
In terms of depth of thought, the everyday scenarios do not stand out or expand one's thinking and vision (this is different from Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera), and the brief segments do not explore any issues, such as what kind of mistakes led to the failure of love.
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book, whether you read it or not doesn't really matter.
The author's ideas are expressed more through techniques and forms than through the story plot, which is also the reason for the poor reading experience of this book.
It is suitable for casual reading and cannot be read in detail.
The book is well-structured, but the content is not very comprehensive.
It explained what and why many sales theories are, but was weak in terms of how to do it, only pointing out the direction but not providing specific practices.
In addition, the book feels like it was put together.
The examples include both domestic and foreign figures; both well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople and people who are not well-known.
I don't know if it's a story compiled for the sake of example, but if some cases experienced by the authors were included, it would be more convincing.
The terms "customer" and "client" are used interchangeably.
The title still refers to the customer, but in the main text it refers to the client.
The e-book also contained spelling errors, missing punctuation marks, and incorrect numbering.
In short, this book is a good choice for those who want to learn the theory, but it is not suitable for those who are already engaged in sales and want to improve their sales level.
A quick guide to Internet finance books
This book is very shallow, it can be said to be just an introduction, and it can help you quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but if you want to understand it in depth, you still need to dig deeper on your own.
Moreover, the book was written earlier, and the content about the later Alipay-WeChat subsidy war to cultivate user habits has not been mentioned. Today, the share of third-party payments is probably not as small as it was in the book.
Nowadays, many people go out to eat and bring their mobile phones with them. Merchants have also abandoned UnionPay because of the high bank transaction volume.
However, I am very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It is clear that the author has at least several years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development in China and abroad, which is why the content is so easy to understand.
It’s easy to write something that sounds grand, but the challenge is to write something that is easy to understand.
I appreciate you, and I want you to know it!
The first factor that determines a person's level of job satisfaction is not the level of their salary, but whether they are given enough attention and appreciation in their work.
According to Maslow’s hierarchy of needs theory, after the basic survival needs of human beings are met, the most urgent need is the psychological need for understanding, recognition, and appreciation.
Indeed, for most Chinese people, it is “hard to express love with words”, even if they have love, gratitude and appreciation, they will keep it to themselves and not express it out loud.
In this book, the author discusses five languages of appreciation: affirming words, thoughtful gestures, acts of service, heartfelt gifts, and physical touch.
I think what’s important is not what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use them spontaneously and from the heart to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, whether they are family, friends or colleagues.
In fact, the closer the relationship, the more we need to appreciate and be grateful, so that our lives can become more beautiful.
Learning to appreciate people can help companies retain talent to a certain extent and reduce the rate of resignations.
Thank you to the translator for bringing us the wonderful thoughts and world of foreign countries.
Due to differences in cultural backgrounds between East and West, there may be some differences in language, and if given the opportunity, readers will gain more by reading the original version.
Thank you again to the authors, translators, and editors for their hard work!
It is suspected to be a counterfeit product, and Amazon should conduct a strict review.
The quality is terrible, the packaging is flimsy, it has no weight, and is even worse than the products sold at roadside stalls; it has no weight and no barcode, and the packaging of ten bags is flimsy; it is not a characteristic of a qualified product; it is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, and I have applied for a refund; it is completely a quality problem; I recommend that the seller wake up and refuse to sell poor quality products; additionally, I bought a heart-shaped stamp, 23 yuan/10 sheets at the supermarket, and took some pictures to compare, further confirming the poor quality of the product; in order to provide consumers with a clearer reference and avoid economic losses and further dissatisfaction, I have taken pictures to further verify the poor quality of the product!
Once again, we hope that Amazon will be meticulous and strict with the source of its products.
The hastily produced products are not up to expectations.
Advantages:
1. Big brands, cheap prices.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are both guaranteed by PANASONIC, and they are OK to use, but they fall short of my expectations.
Disadvantages:
1. There is no charging indicator light, which is the most basic thing. You have saved on even the power indicator. Customers who buy a product for 300 yuan are probably considered a waste by Panasonic, with no respect.
2. Strong odor. Even when charging for just 10 minutes, a strong odor of burning plastic can be detected.
The office was tested for one day, and the whole room smelled of plastic.
Compared to the Philips PHILIPS I have used before, which has more blades, the Samsung product is really not up to par in terms of quality. Although it has more blades, it is not worth the price.
Small packaging
When I received the package, I saw that it was the e-commerce version. It was smaller than the one I bought at the supermarket, and it should be size M. The packaging was different from the one in the product description. So this is the new version, I guess.
Three stars are for my own carelessness in not being able to see the specifications of the product. I have no problem with you selling me a M-sized version for e-commerce, but what does “incorrect version” mean?
E-commerce is too complicated, so I still go to the supermarket.
It's just sauce.
I don't like the taste.
The child doesn’t like the taste of toothpaste and always says it’s spicy. Maybe another word would be more appropriate, but for now, that’s the only word in the child’s vocabulary.
I bought it when I was organizing the event, and it was very cheap, so I feel bad giving it a bad review; it's a four-star product, but I won't be buying it again.
It's genuine and well packaged.
The packaging is complete, and it comes with an inflatable bag. There are no online reviews, and the product looks like a single item.
The plastic film on the outside of the bottle is just like the one described in the picture, and the delivery was very fast, arriving the next day.
It is genuine, but it is out of stock and I don’t know when it will be back in stock.
A terrible shopping experience.
I placed an order on Black Friday, but the package was never delivered even though it was already signed for. After checking, I found out that the package had been signed for a long time ago. I asked my colleagues, but they said they didn’t sign for it. I immediately contacted the courier company, but they said I had to contact the sender before they could start an investigation. I contacted Amazon customer service, and I had to wait more than ten days. Finally, I found out that the package was delivered to the wrong person, and it took several rounds of communication before I finally got the package back. The outer package was already opened, but the product was still intact, and I don’t know if it had been used before. Anyway, it was a really bad experience.
Incorrect caption
I thought I would receive headphones like the ones in picture 1, but I received ones like the ones in picture 2. It’s okay that the pictures don’t match, but what does it mean that the left and right sides of the headphones have different volume levels?
Although the names are the same, we still hope that everyone can pay attention and ask Amazon officials to replace the correct images in a timely manner. Thank you very much.
The operating system is generally fine.
It took a while, but overall the picture quality is still good, and there is no noticeable difference. However, this system is confusing and the boot time is noticeably slow, and it is not possible to make good settings. The software that comes with it is not worth commenting on, and the response speed is even worse than that of my colleague’s. It’s not even in the same league.
I read that the design is very human-friendly, but I couldn’t find any evidence of this. The position of the remote control’s common up, down, left, and right buttons, as well as the return button, is simply not commendable.
So, you can use it as a TV, and add a TV box, for example.
The price cut is too severe.
The price drop is too drastic, from over 100 to just 99!
Amazon has a lot of unrated orders, so I used a copied comment as the review content.
If I use this phrase to evaluate it, it means that this product is at least 85 points or higher.
But for poor products, I would never be lazy enough to copy and paste reviews, as other consumers will use this as a reference when making a purchase, and the seller will improve the quality of their products as a result.
Cheap and good wires, that's enough if they don't overheat!
This is such a cheap cable, but it should meet the HDMI certification standards. Compared to the crap products from domestic Akihabara (the prices are twice as high), the cable is thick and soft, and the transmission over 7 meters has no noise. From now on, I will only buy cables from Besee!
The products are fine, but Amazon’s after-sales service is really much worse than other websites.
After placing the order, I realized I made a mistake, but I couldn’t cancel the order. The webpage for contacting online customer service always shows an error link, and I can’t get through.
After the delivery person called me, I said I didn't want it anymore, and I couldn't cancel the order, so the delivery person took it back, saying that I had to sign for it first and then apply for a refund.
When applying for a refund, they informed me that food items cannot be returned once they are signed for, and I couldn't call Amazon customer service, which said the same thing: food items cannot be returned once they are signed for.
I have bought items that cannot be returned due to policy at both JD and Sunning, including milk and diapers, and I have contacted customer service and they have refunded me. Moreover, the diapers from JD smelled bad when I opened them, but I still contacted customer service and they refunded me. But this is not the case with Amazon.
The rules are dead, people are alive. How should we handle this by contacting your customer service?
Tell me whether I should buy it myself or have the delivery person buy it for me; it’s not easy for the delivery person to do this, so why should I make them spend money to buy something that I didn’t buy myself?
Okay, I won’t back out either. I’ll take it myself, but I have to give your service a 1.
I advise you not to waste your money.
First, I was excited to buy it, thinking that the Dali brand would not be bad at all, but after receiving it, I thought the packaging was okay, the size was not bad, but one box basically contained only soft ones, which could not be seen from the outside, but you could feel it; when I put it in my mouth, there was no taste at all, it was bland and tasteless, and when I bit into it, the flesh was dark yellow, which meant it was bad; it was sold as good and bad, and only about a third of it was edible; I advise you not to buy it, it is not cheap, and the quality is too bad!
After this experience, I will never buy fruit from an e-commerce platform again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting mark on the product?
The corner of the bottle is deeply indented, which suggests it has been subjected to a strong impact. Judging from the outer packaging, the degree of damage is heart-wrenching. After all, the packaging is too simple for a food product, and it is also an international purchase. There is no obvious anti-counterfeiting mark, and it is very easy to open the bottle. The most striking thing is that the honey inside the bottle directly comes out from the opening, and there is almost no adhesion. Is this the case with foreign products?
As someone born in China, I am a bit confused.
It must be the real thing, right?
There is also a message saying that it will be delivered on the 21st, which was received on the 14th. This is my first time shopping overseas here, and I just wrote down my doubts. Maybe this is all normal?
The delivery service needs improvement.
I bought a total of 5 vouchers, and when I made my first reservation to pick them up, only 2 were sent to me. After multiple communications, it was confirmed that 3 were lost and that they would be resent; for the second reservation, I just happened to be on a day off, and neither the website nor WeChat indicated that I needed to make a reservation on a weekday, causing unnecessary panic. I suggest that this be improved in the future.
Great shopping.
The food is delicious!
I still trust Amazon’s self-produced products more, and now it’s very convenient to shop overseas. The delivery time from abroad is only a few days longer than that of domestic delivery, and I have to say that Amazon’s ability to clear customs for overseas purchases is very strong, much faster than using a transit service. That’s why I buy many things overseas now.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be better. Many things are made in China, but it is cheaper to buy them abroad and bring them back than to buy them domestically. I hope this can be improved.
Garbage
When you see a package like this, do you think it looks like garbage on the side of the road?
A packaging that is easily broken is sent from Germany in a plastic bag, is this kind of packaging responsible?
I think that packaging like this is just like packaging for garbage. When I bought this product, the packaging was very simple and there were no measures to prevent damage. It was just a simple plastic bag packaging, and when I received it, the package was completely deformed, and the items inside were also damaged.
If I had just encountered one like this, I would have bought a few of them, but I contacted Amazon customer service, and they said I could return them, but I would have to pay the shipping fee upfront, and then the shipping fee would be returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I asked if I could pay the shipping fee with cash and receive a gift card in return, but they said I would have to buy their gift card myself. And then I would have to ship the product to a warehouse in Germany, which is like buying a product and being punished for it!
I kept telling the customer service that it was their responsibility for the problem, but they didn't even acknowledge that it was their responsibility. They didn't even dare to take responsibility for it. What kind of after-sales service is this? One word: shameful! But I guess Amazon won't give me the chance to publish this review, and they will just delete it directly.
Quality is good, 5 stars, but logistics is poor
1. The quality is good, it's a bargain, the price is reasonable, and it's worth the money.
2. It is solid, has enough material, the welding points are firm, the surface treatment is good, and the color is beautiful.
3. Logistics is a hardship, the order for number 3 arrived on the 11th.
4. If Amazon had not marked the estimated delivery date as February 7, I might have been satisfied.
5. However, if the expected delivery time is marked, it is equivalent to a promise to the user, and when the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user will be very upset.
6. If you are not sure you can keep your promise, don't make one.
7. In fact, I am very concerned about the commitments made by merchants.
8. That's why I got a low score.
The gold wire will turn black.
The effect is there, but whether it is noticeable or not depends on the individual, or the psychological effect.
One thing that’s not so good is the gold wire. Originally, it looked good in the design, but in reality, the gold wire will lose its color and when you touch it, your hands and the car will have some gold dust on them.
I hope the product can be improved.
This square shape also has no decorative effect, so don't put gold wire on it, and it will get dirty on the car when it falls off.
The items are in good condition, the speed is good, and they come in two packages with different packaging.
The delivery speed was quite fast, but it took 2 days to deliver 2 packages, and the packaging was different. One package was clearly over-packaged with thick cardboard and plastic, and the outer packaging was easy to open. It looked like a domestic delivery box, with several airbags to protect the contents. It felt a bit superficial.
Yarran mattresses are really good.
The 34cm-thick mattress is not typical, and you don't have to sleep directly on the mattress.
The quality is good, both the front and back are soft, and sleeping on it is very comfortable, I fell asleep very quickly.
After receiving the mattress, I found that there were two stains on it due to violent transportation by the courier. The customer service at Yarran was responsible and efficient in resolving the problem.
It is not a self-produced product, Amazon is shameless.
The page clearly indicates self-sale, but in fact, it is delivered by the supplier and after-sales service is provided by the supplier. If there is a problem, customers should contact the supplier themselves.
If you want to cancel the order, I’m sorry, but the order information has been transmitted to the supplier and cannot be canceled; if you want to return or exchange the product, you have successfully applied for a return or exchange on Amazon, but I’m sorry, no one can help you, and you need to contact the supplier yourself to return the product.
This nima is self-produced.
The product is not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon does not bear any responsibility for after-sales service. The customer service even said “I will contact the supplier for you”, and claimed that it is self-owned, which is too shameless. It is blatant fraud against consumers!
The experience of being sad
The filter cartridges I bought from other websites worked well, and even after 28 days, there was no limescale. I continued to use them for a few more days.
Because the quality of the items I have purchased on Amazon has always been good, this time I thought I would buy them here. This was the first time I bought a filter on Amazon, and I was not satisfied. Not only did it start to have water stains early on, but the filter also had suspended black carbon powder on the 28th day of use. I didn’t know whether to continue using it or just throw it away, and I was very frustrated.
It's not as good as you might imagine.
Compared to the other cables I have used in the past, the external workmanship is average, and I can’t tell how it is inside without taking it apart. I hope that it is as described by the store, and in terms of convenience of use, it lacks a display of whether each individual unit is powered on or not.
The packaging was damaged, so I had to wait for a while to test the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is severely damaged, but the packaging box inside seems to be new. However, the manual does not seem to be new, and the store was renovated in September. It is hoped that it will not be bad by then. Please explain to us why several customers have mentioned that the packaging is damaged, but you are still able to sell it. Thank you!
Overall good, with a few minor issues
The first time I bought a water filter, I read several reviews and felt that LAICA was a good value, so I chose it. When I received the product and installed the filter according to the instructions, I tried it out and found that it was generally good, but when pouring water, the original water seemed to mix with the filtered water from the spout (the water tank seal was not very tight).
When using it, make sure to wait until all the water has been filtered out before pouring it out!
The image is incomplete.
The picture did not capture the details of the side, and the details of the side did not match the style of the main body, with significant differences; this is one issue; this bead is made in Thailand, but there is no indication of the place of origin; there is no indication of the material; when I bought it in the UK, each item came in its own box, but here there is only a simple plastic bag, and there is no product mark on the bead, so I have no way of knowing if it is genuine or fake.
Be careful when buying, especially if you are buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service is terrible.
Two days ago, I placed an order and today I found that the price had dropped by 40 yuan. After spending a lot of time trying to find customer service, the customer service representative said that they couldn’t refund the difference and that I could reorder and return the product.
This kind of customer experience and service is really different from Taobao.
Good, it's worth trying for beginners
It looks good, and it's not inferior to the top-quality diamond. I've seen the price in the mall before, it's several hundred yuan at least, and this is the first time I've played with a diamond, but it's okay.
It's good.
The items are really good, and I would recommend them to my girlfriend. However, I was a bit unhappy when I found out that the courier company had stored my package in the parcel depot and didn’t send me a confirmation message to pick it up. I had to go to the depot twice.
However, the baby is really good.
Worth buying.
The little monkey is cute, and Amazon has a great discount; the Zhiyoung official website directly ships the products, and I ordered them last night and received them this afternoon, which is really fast.
The postal and delivery workers are also responsible.
Bravo!
A confession from a customer
1. If you receive such a defective product, Amazon customer service will tell you not to worry, we will contact you within 54 hours.
2 Then you contact the customer service representative, who will tell you that the issue will be handled by a specialist and will inform you of the outcome.
You can never get in touch with this commissioner, you don't know her work number, and there is no direct line to call her. It's only she who can contact you.
Tragically, after waiting nearly three days, the commissioner contacted me and my phone was off, so I didn't receive the commissioner's call.
I waited for two hours for the specialist’s call, during which time I contacted Amazon customer service and emailed them to ask them to call me back.
It has been nearly three days and I still don't know what Amazon will do about this defective coffee machine that I received!
The products on Amazon in the US are fine, and this kind of shopping method is good, but the service provided by Meiya is far inferior.
For me, I can only continue to wait...
The bottom is uneven.
Because the review said it was good, and everyone was looking forward to this pot, and when I got it, I really liked it, it was lightweight, but when I started using it, I found a problem - the bottom of the pot was not flat, it was raised in the middle and sunken around the edges, the oil ran to the edges, and the special meat I bought to fry was not covered in the central area, so I was disappointed, I couldn't even use the pot, and I guess this kind of structure is not suitable for cooking.
I don't know if it was bad luck, but I just got a pot with a bottom that was not flat. Fortunately, Amazon provides a one-month return policy, so I decided to return it.
I cleaned the pot thoroughly and wasted half a day doing so.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve it.
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The shape of the cube is designed with a slight arch on the top.
The lines should have been very fluid.
Unfortunately, the final result was not achieved.
Because there are two parts at the top, the front is the control panel and the back is the water tank cover.
The curvature of the top cover and the control panel are not consistent, resulting in a difference of up to 2mm after assembly.
Although it looks like a very small gap.
But it can be said to have destroyed the entire design.
I feel a bit sorry for the product designer.
It seems that Midea’s product managers are not capable of creating products of this caliber.
(Of course, I can’t expect too much from the after-sales lady, but when I heard her say that all the individual products are like this, and it’s not just the one I bought that has a problem, her incredulity and genuine frustration made me realize that I can’t expect too much from beauty products either) 2019-7-7 The pump is malfunctioning and the water flow is low. It has been repaired twice, and it broke again two weeks after the first repair.
It’s a good deal after the discount, but the fake discounts on Amazon are heartbreaking.
It is highly insulated and can be purchased one week after the baby is born.
You can't feel any heat on the outside of the cup, which means it won't burn you and effectively protects the temperature from escaping.
The air conditioning in the room can still maintain a high temperature even after a whole night.
Amazon said that the anniversary event had 320 great deals, but later found out that everyone had them for 249, 289, and 299 yuan. I felt cheated for a moment, but after comparing prices at the supermarket, I found that the deals were still much cheaper than other brands at the same price point. From now on, I can bring them with me when I go out.
Vitamix 6300
I had been waiting for a long time, and when I saw that Meituan 6300 was on sale, and that Caiyao Overseas Purchase was the same price, I quickly made the purchase.
I placed an order on September 2 and it was expected to arrive on September 21. However, it arrived on September 12, which is about 10 days earlier, so it’s really fast!
The packaging is small, and it comes directly from the original packaging of Vitamix. Amazon doesn’t mind if it gets damaged during shipping across the ocean!
The machine looks new and comes with all the necessary accessories. The only problem is that the cup wobbles on the base, and I’m afraid it might fly out when I turn it on!
I asked a friend who has 5200, and it seems that his is not as loose as mine.
The accompanying recipes are all in English, which is quite tiring, and I couldn't find a Chinese version online, what a hassle!
I quickly bought a transformer after receiving the goods, and it should arrive in 3 days. I’ll get to work on it then!
It’s too small, there’s no umbrella cover, and the material is mediocre.
It's not even a large size!
The second Totes is: 1. It doesn’t have a cover 2. The material of the handle is average 3. It says Large, but it’s actually a compact umbrella for one person, and I doubt it would be enough for two people.
On the other hand, the one I bought from Meiya can be used by three people without any pressure.
I don't feel very well.
First of all, the box is not very sturdy and deforms when you press on it; secondly, the design on the back does not prevent the ABS scratches on the box from appearing when it is laid flat; thirdly, the box is just a piece of cloth wrapped around a hanger, and so on; there are all sorts of things that are unsatisfactory, and finally, the latch is a bit difficult to use.
PS: The wheels feel pretty good.
It is also possible.
Advantages: This double-shoulder bag is quite elegant and looks durable.
The drawbacks are that the QR code on the card cannot be scanned (what’s going on?), and the 15.6-inch laptop cannot be carried in the bag (is it possible to make it a little longer?), and the double shoulder bag has a locking mechanism, but no lock is provided for the buyer, which is not what you would call service with a smile.
It's okay overall, but I don't know if it's genuine leather.
The overall feeling is good, but I don't know if it's genuine leather, so I can't give an uninformed opinion.
It can hold A4-sized documents, and has held 80-page thick objects (not deformable), but it probably won't hold anything too thick or hard.
The package is soft, and the inner bag is divided in a way that is quite human-friendly. It’s pretty good.
The bottom of the one I received has a small pit, I don’t know if it’s because my character is not good or what.
I was too lazy to go back and forth to exchange the goods, so I put up with it.
Overall, it is worth four stars.
ForRoyal, a global sensation, camera strap, SLR strap
This strap is designed to be scientific, worn on both shoulders, practical, and the camera is fixed and protected in front with soft material, unlike other quick-shooters that use screws to fix the camera to the bottom, and it is also very convenient to take the camera off.
Garbage after-sales service
I bought a guitar a month and a half ago, and it is missing a part. After notifying Amazon, they gave me a customer service phone number, but after multiple communications, the part has still not arrived. What kind of efficiency is this!
It is estimated that after-sales maintenance will be more troublesome, so I recommend that those who value good after-sales service should take a different route, it is too much trouble!
It has minor flaws, but the sound is good.
The soundboard has a defect, it lacks a corner, it feels like a substandard product, and there are no gifts, but at this price it is already good, and the sound of the guitar is also good.
Okay, first menu.
It's been used for a long time, and overall it's not bad, except for the fact that the bass is not coming out.
The workmanship is not as perfect as I imagined.
The first time I bought it, the product had problems, all the lights were flashing and it was not usable.
I asked for a replacement, but it has been three days since the goods arrived in Shanghai and they still haven’t been delivered.
I also called the delivery person, but they didn't answer.
The courier company said that they only had that contact information.
Amazon can't find a place to complain.
I did not request it, and in the case of a delayed delivery, I received a message saying that the delivery was delayed for no apparent reason at my request.
Then they talked about the issue of transit.
In any case, the poor shopping experience has made me start to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics and control systems.
It is estimated that it will not arrive today either.
The adhesive is too weak and it is not waterproof.
Although the Bluetooth connection is convenient, the printed content is not waterproof and the surface is not coated; the labels are also of poor adhesion and are not suitable for cable labels at all, as they are very easy to fall off. Friends who buy them to organize their cables should pay attention to this.
The pen is fine, but the packaging is very basic - just a cardboard box with no protection measures. Moreover, the box that holds the pen is glued shut with a large piece of transparent tape, and the tape is still stuck to the box after being torn off.
Treating a 600 yuan item like this is disappointing. It was a bad shopping experience.
However, the pen is not a problem.
I hope they improve the packaging in the future!
In terms of quality, if we talk about writing, 925-25 is better.
First, let me praise the excellent service of TNT, especially their air freight service, which is incredibly fast!
I have been using the 925-25 and it is great. I just received the 925-85 and the quality is excellent, and the design is very beautiful. I gave it four stars because the pen is a bit heavy and not suitable for fast writing, and there is a bit of wobbling when adjusting the lead length on the pen cap. In my opinion, the 925-25 is more comfortable to use.
Therefore, I became an Amazon loyalist.
I bought it at a super discounted price, but my child doesn’t like it.
It was already opened, but I tried to apply for a refund and they even came to my house to pick it up for free.
It's amazing.
We do not encourage returns, but this is a service that is unique to us in China.
I hope it is not abused.
From then on, I bought all my books here.
The headphones have a distortion and noise
These headphones are really bad. I don't know if it's my ears that are the problem, or if these headphones really aren't as good as they used to be.
I bought a blue one two years ago on JD.com, and the sound quality is good, with no noise and good bass. I’ve been using it for more than two years and it’s starting to break down, so I plan to buy another one (urbeats). After all, I still think it’s good.
I also saw one that looked nice in purple, but when I opened it today, I felt something was off, it was both loud and quiet at the same time.
At first, I thought it was because of the sound effects of the song, but after listening for half an hour, I realized that the problem was serious. Not only was the sound distorted, but the bass sound was not as good as before, and there were some noise as well. Is this only happening to the pink one I bought, or is the current technology just not good enough?
The reviews are pretty bad, I'm disappointed.
I definitely need to return the item tomorrow.
PS looks good.
This AV amplifier is complicated to set up, has rough workmanship, and generates a lot of heat.
I will have to wait a while before I can give my opinion on the sound!
On August 14, I just got my hands on a DN1080 from Germany. It looks poorly made.
1. The front panel and the knobs are made of plastic.
2. The back panel audio input jack and the speaker output terminals are of poor quality, and any 1000-2000 yuan CD amplifier unit is much better than this one.
3. The top cover is quite thin, and it has even sunk in on my transformer, so I had to open the box and use my hands to fix it, and the top cover and front panel became loose.
4. The center of gravity of the entire machine is tilted towards the transformer end, making it difficult to move.
It feels like a SONY entry-level machine, in terms of workmanship, made in Malaysia.
I feel that Sony is much better at outsourcing production to China.
5. The machine is very hot, when watching a movie for two hours, the top cover feels about 40-50°C when touched with your hand, I don’t know if it’s because the transformer is too big and generates a lot of heat.
Nowadays, most people use switching power supplies, and this stupid transformer probably weighs 4 kg.
Sony should have used a passive heat sink fan inside the machine, but after opening the box, all we see are large aluminum heat sink plates on the pipes.
Xiao Gui
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise that integrates research and development, design, production, and marketing, and mainly produces men's outdoor leisure clothing. It is a young enterprise that is booming.
FANDUN JEEP clothing emphasizes the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, introducing advanced international production equipment, process design and management technology, and building a first-class clothing production line in China.
Maintain excellence in production and services, quality and brand, profitability and public welfare.
In terms of information construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of product flow, logistics and information flow, strengthening and improving the comprehensive management capabilities of enterprises, and overall improving the modern management level of enterprises.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of “honesty, harmony, quality, excellence”, and its products are popular among a wide range of customers in the domestic market.
VANDEGIPPER clothing is confident because it is young!
We sincerely welcome customers from home and abroad to come and cooperate with us to create a brilliant future!
Enterprise spirit: proactive and progressive, service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication, enterprise mission: leading the trend, establishing a brand.
I have not opened it.
The battery is in use.
I really want to dissect it and see what's inside.
Later, I thought that if I was disappointed after opening it, it would be a waste of money; if I was satisfied after opening it, it would be difficult to put it back together and I would not like it.
Well, even if Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed explanation of the battery, most people would feel anxious.
I'm fine. I used to work in a mobile phone factory, so I'm half a battery engineer, and I can handle it. The only thing is that I don't understand circuits.
It was a great surprise.
I really had no idea what I was buying until I opened the package and saw that it was genuine!
Finally, when I touched the earphone wire, I felt it was very flexible and of very good quality, and I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and open QQ Music.
I was amazed, the sound quality was 3D surround!
I asked in a physical communication store, and it costs around 30 yuan, but it is not a branded product, but a generic one, so I can say that although this Pengsheng product costs 27 yuan, it is definitely worth owning because of its value for money!
The worst online shopping experience
On September 28th, after placing an order, the system showed that the order had been shipped, but the package was never delivered until October 12th.
When I checked the status of my Amazon order, the seller did not provide a tracking number, so I couldn’t find out where my order was.
So I emailed the seller to ask if they could provide the tracking number, but I never received a reply after two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service, and they gave me the seller’s phone number. I called the seller again, and after a few attempts, the call went through. I was informed that the package was lost and that they could send me a new one immediately.
Although I was very angry, I didn’t say much to the seller because I needed the computer urgently. I just asked them to send it to me right away.
The next day, I called to ask if the shipment had been sent.
The seller said it hasn't been sent yet, and it will be sent this afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon and the seller said it would be sent, but it wouldn't be sent until after 5 or 6 pm. However, when I called back at 7 pm, no one answered the phone.
The third day morning, I called again and asked if the goods had been shipped.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it hasn't been sent yet, and told me to order from another store if I was in a hurry, or to wait until the afternoon if I could wait.
There’s no other way, I’ll have to wait a long time to place an order from someone else.
I can only ask the seller to send the package as soon as possible.
After countless phone follow-ups, I finally received my computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know because it was bought for someone else, so I'll add a review later.
I bought it half a year ago and haven't used it much, but now it's malfunctioning. Can you fix it?
Because I have a desktop computer, I haven’t used it much since I bought it.
I only bring it out a few times when I'm on a business trip.
Recently, when I plugged in the power supply, it did not charge. I had to use my left and right hands to support the charging port and cable for a few seconds before it started charging.
I suspect that the interface is not properly connected, and I don't know if it can be repaired now?
It is strongly recommended that Amazon stop using EMS!
The product is five stars, the logistics is one star, and the average is three stars.
I don’t understand why Amazon would send EMS, which is not trusted by the industry, but hey, computers are expensive items!
The order after purchase showed that it was expected to be delivered on the 20th, so my family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send a package from Xiamen to Fuzhou?!
On the 22nd morning, the package was finally delivered to Fuzhou. I was ready to receive it with a smile, but in the evening, without receiving any phone call or text message, I checked the package delivery status and found that it had been signed for at noon, and it even showed that I had signed for it myself!
I was shocked at that moment!
Who am I? Where am I? Is this computer really mine?
I seriously doubt life now!
I finally ran to a pickup point to get my computer back.
The specific reason is simple: the delivery person mixed up the two order numbers, but fortunately the package was not lost.
I strongly recommend that Amazon stop using EMS, and in the future, if Amazon uses EMS for its express delivery, I will definitely stop buying from them.
The goods are not bad.
First of all, I bought it a few days ago and found that it was on sale, with negative reviews. The product is not bad, it has a good price-performance ratio, and the CPU and graphics card are enough to handle mainstream online games and a considerable number of single-player games. The heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a bit dim (a common problem with IPS screens), the sound quality is not very good, and the hard drive is not very good (I recommend upgrading to a solid-state drive). I took the computer to the after-sales service center yesterday to have the hardware checked, and there were no problems. The built-in Windows 8.1 is not very good, and I recommend upgrading to 10. The seller shipped the product very quickly, and also responded to all my inquiries very quickly. I received the invoice the day after I received the computer, which is great. It’s a shame that there were no gifts.
(By the way, if you want to buy keyboard skins, don’t go to a store called E Cool Digital Center on Taobao; they are slow to ship, the quality is poor, they don’t refund or exchange products if there are problems, and the owner swears a lot; I’m exposing them specifically).
The products are good, but the platform is still bureaucratic.
The hard drive is of very good quality and has an excellent price-performance ratio. It is cheaper than buying one in Hong Kong, and if you can wait for the delivery, I would definitely recommend purchasing one.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy on the Amazon platform is still the same as it was several years ago when I swore I would never use it again. You can never find out the actual status of your shipment, and you will always receive information that it will be delivered in a few weeks. You can never complain, it’s just so bureaucratic!
The goods have been received a few days ago, but the logistics information says you will receive the goods in 10 days!
Logistics is not selfish.
It came like this, not only was the packaging crushed, but the electrical packaging was also open, and I don't know if it was tampered with.
FYI
I have always trusted Philips, and I hope the battery life is longer than other brands. I haven’t tried it yet.
I searched online, and it seems that this is a common problem with this model, and it is not covered by the warranty.
I'm so sad!
Now I wrap it in plastic wrap and continue to use it, but I don't know how long it will last.
I bought one that someone else has already taken apart.
It is indeed quite expensive to pay more than 100 yuan in tax for a machine that costs more than 300 yuan. Now I feel more at ease.
When I received it, the seal looked like it had been tampered with, like it had been opened. I took a picture right away, and sure enough, it came off easily. When I opened it, the paper inside was damaged. I was worried that it was returned by someone else, so I quickly tried it out on my husband before the anniversary, but the machine didn’t turn on at all. Fortunately, there was no debris inside the blade, or I would have had to return it from a long distance!
It is not known whether it is good to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term; as with the previous reviews, the products that are out of stock are not reliable!
The experience is slightly above average.
It's pretty much top-of-the-line electric, with a lot of different brushing modes, but few people change modes every day.
I used it for half a year without any problems. I brushed it every day, and it was charged once every 1.5 weeks.
The brush heads are also cheaper on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use, except for changing the colors. Is the incompatibility issue due to the overseas version?
I hope you learn the Great Law.
It is very cost-effective.
I have used it 3-4 times.
1. The packaging is in good condition.
2. It is very easy to use and convenient to clean.
3、 You can do your own hair styling, which saves money.
In summary, it was a very successful purchase.
There are counterfeit products.
Last time I bought two packs, and they turned out to be two different versions. The words in the lower left corner of the packaging were green, but one of them was not, and the words were white. The cat got sick after eating it.
I am not sure whether the products on Amazon are fake or if they were dropped by employees during shipping.
I will buy from you again, but if it is a fake, I will hold you responsible.
It's a crossbar!
The picture on Amazon shows a bracket, but they sent me a bar. Isn’t that cheating?
The effect is okay.
The most important thing is that Kitty likes to eat.
It really works.
Tight, narrow, foot binding, foot pad.
Not recommended.
1. The UN series is Clarks’ most comfortable series, but unfortunately this one is too bad.
Additional information: Today, I compared the UN series footrests (the footrests were left behind when the shoes were thrown away) with the previous ones, and the material is much worse, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before, but they are still fake soft.
2. My heels are not very high, and the point where I kick is about 3 inches forward from the highest point of my heels.
3. I bought three pairs of Clarks shoes from overseas, but only one pair fits.
I was so scared that I deleted all the music in my playlist.
Try rockport again, if it doesn't work, you'll have to go to an Ecco physical store.
Second-rate substitutes, poor quality control
First of all, it is worth mentioning that Prime overseas purchases are very powerful, and the order I placed on the 31st was delivered on the 6th.
The shoes are much more attractive in person than in the picture, and the leather feels great.
The shoe size is slightly larger, 25 is 10.5 wide and 7.5 deep, and it feels a little loose when I put it on, but I usually like to wear slightly loose shoes, and I put in a pair of insoles that fit perfectly.
Secondly, the shoes are really not worth praising. One of the soles had a damaged adhesive, while the other had various scratches and pinholes, and the adhesive strip at the connection point between the upper and the sole was misaligned, which was blatant poor quality!
I regret it a little!
If you buy it for 280 yuan, this price is quite reasonable for Arthus; of course, there are even lower prices if you look at the comments.
Now let's talk about the shoes. The pros: the shoes are light, running in them is comfortable, and they fit well and don't fall apart.
It looks great but has some obvious flaws: I usually wear a size 40, but I bought a 40.5 this time, and there is about the width of a thumb between the front of the shoe and my foot when I put it on, but that doesn’t matter.
These shoes are very "narrow," although there is still some space in front, but they feel tight.
There is one more thing, the shoes are not breathable and I feel like my feet are hot.
Heel pad.
First of all, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are quite standard, I wear a size uk7.5, eu41.5, and a size uk6.5 for shoes. I have bought a few pairs of shoes from Amazon's Amabee, and they have never been uncomfortable, but these shoes are a size uk7, and they are noticeably longer than my usual size. However, because the insole is so thick, it presses down on the back of my foot, making it very uncomfortable to wear. Additionally, these shoes are very hard, which makes them difficult to wear.
If your feet are not particularly thin, I would not recommend buying this product.
If you must buy them, you can always change the insoles, but the original insoles look very high-end, so there’s no need to be sorry.
A very perfect shopping experience!
I am very satisfied and love it. There is no doubt that Amazon Global Sourcing sells authentic products, and the quality is very good. The price is reasonable, and I feel safe buying from them. Their after-sales service is very thoughtful, and their customer service is friendly and patient. They handle problems efficiently and effectively, and they have completely solved my worries. The delivery service is very convenient and reliable, and the delivery person is very considerate of the customer's needs. They always remind me to pick up my package from the delivery box on time. Thank you, Amazon, for providing such a comfortable shopping experience for your customers.
In short, our whole family loves shopping on Amazon overseas!
Absolutely negative reviews!
It is truly ridiculous to think of this agency and Amazon.
In the future, be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon.
Although it has been a long time, I still have to complain.
I bought it on sale during the winter for less than 200 yuan, but I haven't used it in my home for several months.
When I needed it in the spring, I couldn't connect it to my watch, and both devices' manuals said they supported each other. Later, I found out that it was a problem with the heart rate monitor, because I couldn't connect it to any other device.
I called Amazon and asked them to contact the agency, which then told me to send the device to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After almost half a month, the items were sent back to me in their original condition, including the shipping box I used to send them!
No response or acknowledgement, and no test reports!
At least tell me if it’s good or bad!
I called to ask, and they said that sending it back like this means that the device is fine, which is good.
But I still can't connect, and the agency responds: It's not their problem.
I'm unlucky, I don't want to be bothered for something that costs 200 yuan.
There is a serious problem with the goods.
It's a case of the wrong product at the wrong time.
The headband material is of good quality.
It's much better than Nike.
It is also very breathable.
It's just the hat in front.
Very fine.
Are you trying to be funny?!
It completely blocks out the sun.
The reason for not returning the product is that it has a good headband function.
Wearing it on your head does not block the sun.
But it is different from other headband styles.
Keep it.
The quality of the products is good, Amazon lacks a sense of contractual obligation, and the delivery person is great.
I require delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's rules do not allow deliveries on Saturdays or Sundays.
I was so annoyed that I drove 200 kilometers from the countryside to pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you more?
The delivery person was very active and enthusiastic.
Give it a thumbs up!
The goods are simple, I tried them out and they are good.
However, I have never bought similar products before, so I can’t compare prices!
Size and logistics
The workmanship is good, but the logistics are too slow. Previously, all the shoes were delivered by DHL. This time, Apex is... I have bought a lot of UA in China, and the prices are not low. I feel like they are of a higher quality than NIKE and ADIDAS?
Actually, they are all the same, so I shop online.
Size: I am 176cm tall and weigh 68kg. My shoulders are wide enough to fit a 180cm shirt, and I bought an M. The hem is slightly long, but everything else fits perfectly. I see that there are recommendations for S size. Are you that slim? Or do you prefer a more fitted look? I think a looser-fitting shirt is better.
Just the right size.
Chest size: 99 cm, height: 184 cm, weight: 84 kg. Before making the purchase, I consulted customer service and was told to buy an XL. After reading the reviews, I decided to go with L, and when I received the package, I found that it was the perfect size, and I almost got scammed.
The prices of Double 11 are much higher than those of Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The problem with Z affordable goods is a real pain!
The order was placed on the 18th, and the goods were only received on the 25th, the speed of delivery from Guangzhou to Beijing is amazing!
I bought this product because it was cheap, and the description said it had scratches, but when I received the package, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!
The child didn’t want to return the item, thinking it wasn’t a big deal, but the accessory is a small part and the child’s grandfather couldn’t find it in any of the hardware stores nearby!
Finally, Grandpa did it!
It looks like we can't buy Z products at a good price anymore!
The toy is of poor quality.
Most of the screw holes are not aligned, and it is difficult to screw them in, indicating poor workmanship. It is not clear how long it will last, as it was promised to a child, so it cannot be returned.
Other reviews say that the installation is easy, so is it just this one item that I bought that has a problem?
It's pretty average.
Is it just bad luck for me?
The packaging is outdated; the workmanship is poor; there is only one type of music and it is only 8 seconds long and then repeats; the action is just nodding your head and walking forward, with no changes.
It's not worth the price.
If you need it urgently, you can't return it.
The toys are of good quality, but I have some complaints about the packaging.
I received a package delivered by EMS yesterday, which was purchased from Amazon. It was finally delivered by the courier of Tmall. How many twists and turns did it go through? Is the relationship between Amazon and Tmall good?
As for the packaging, it is wrapped in several layers of plastic wrap, and there is no packaging plastic bubble wrap inside. When you open it, all the parts are in an empty box, which is fun because the toy is of good quality and there are no broken parts. However, it is smaller than I expected because it is not battery-powered, and it often derails when pushed by hand because the gap between the tracks is too large, which is an unreasonable design.
Good quality, fun to play.
It’s a lot of fun, the components are very precise and well-made, and the quality is almost the same as Lego. The price is very reasonable for events.
The process of assembling it is quite interesting, I did it myself, and my 5-year-old son came to play with me, and it was great.
He laughed and laughed while playing with it, and he will probably continue to buy toys of this brand in the future.
The phone is new and the shopping from overseas was great.
I watched it for Christmas, and it was 150 yuan more expensive than before, but it is taking a while to ship.
The machines are good, they are all new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then, if you connect the spirit balls, you will receive a dream.
It’s fun to play, and it’s more portable than a PS4.
I have already bought Zelda, I will try it again after playing it.
Producing bad products, selling bad products, and as a result, providing bad services. The six watches I bought to give to my children were not fully functional, and the time on all six watches was inconsistent, differing by up to 15 hours.
I contacted the manufacturer and asked if there was a verification time for the watches when they were put into storage. They replied “yes”, but if there was, why was the time difference so large? It was obvious that the watches were not accurate, and in simple terms, they were counterfeit products. It’s not that I find it hard to say, but it’s obvious that there are quality issues (incomplete digital displays). They even sell them. Aren’t they garbage?
I contacted the seller, who gave me a long list of reasons, and also complained that I shouldn't have bought their product in the first place, that kind of product, that kind of seller, that kind of after-sales service, who would dare to buy anything on Amazon in the future.
In short, I recommend not buying anything from this seller, as the products are rubbish.
Amazon shipping problems
After receiving the goods, an inspection was conducted and the following was found:
1. The outer packaging is severely damaged.
2. The table instructions have serious wrinkles.
3. The clock does not have a battery and cannot be adjusted. The bedside lamp cannot be charged or used.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only ship to the US at your own expense, and you will be reimbursed for the shipping fee.
5. The reason for the 2 points is that the customer service is good.
I can only say it's passable.
The time is not very accurate, it's about a second fast every day, and it's been almost two and a half minutes since I started using it.
I used to have a Seatlelty watch and it didn't lose a few seconds in a year or two.
The calendar function is quite good, but the timer function is a bit useless and you accidentally enter the timer mode from time to time.
Solar-powered watch
Advantages: solar charging, no need to worry about replacing batteries, world time, multiple alarms and reminders at the hour.
The downside: mirrors are easy to scratch and get dirty.
Price-performance ratio: domestic prices are generally between 220 and 300 yuan, and overseas purchases cost more than 180 yuan (delivery time about 1 week).
Very satisfied with the watch.
It must be the real thing, I checked it at the specialty store, the appearance of the watch is beautiful, the workmanship is exquisite, the materials are of high quality, and it is an imported mechanical movement, so it has some weight to it. It is not something that so-called mechanical watches of 300-400 yuan can compare with. This is a genuine product.
The watch is very accurate in terms of timekeeping, with errors well within acceptable limits. The watch comes with a certificate of authenticity for the jewelry, and the 12 on the dial is indeed a real diamond. It is perfect for me to wear, and it looks great as a gift.
The Benelli shotgun is indeed good.
The worst shopping experience ever.
On the evening of September 23, my wife dropped her phone, so I immediately ordered an 8p from Amazon Malaysia. It was in stock, but not self-sold and without a markup (secretly happy), and because it was not self-sold, the delivery was slower, and the system showed that the package was expected to arrive no later than September 27.
My wife was so upset that she didn't have a phone, so she called me early in the morning at 6:30 to think of a solution. Later, when she checked JD.com, she found that there were 256G models in stock that could be delivered the same day, so she immediately ordered another one.
I bought a new one and immediately wanted to cancel the Amazon order.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it was impossible to pick up the package in the morning, so at around 7:00, I called customer service to request cancellation of the order, and the customer service representative replied that the order had been canceled and that I should wait for a text message confirmation.
Okay, I’ll wait patiently, and when I check my phone at noon, I find that the order is still in the “not shipped” status. I immediately contact customer service to request that the order be canceled as soon as possible, and the customer service representative responds that the operation has been completed.
When I checked my phone at 3 pm, the order was still there, so I had no choice but to contact customer service again to confirm that I had called three times, and to request that the order be canceled and that the seller be notified not to ship the goods!
The customer service representative contacted the seller immediately after I requested it, and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system and that I would have to wait until the seller was familiar with the system before the order could be canceled.
However, I have clearly informed the seller, and you can rest assured that the goods will not be shipped.
I checked the order status on Monday and found that it had already been shipped, leaving me speechless.
Unable to contact the seller directly, I had to call customer service again.
The handling afterwards was simply ridiculous; basically, I would say one thing, and the customer service representative would then do something else.
The order is still in the status of refusal to accept delivery, and we are preparing to send it again!
Won't Amazon take the initiative to follow up?
The seller's company has already received the money, so it doesn't matter if they don't follow up.
In the future, we will definitely not prepay for large items, this is too troublesome.
It looks beautiful.
I had my eye on this camera for a long time, but I didn’t buy it because of some other reasons besides the price. This time, I bought it because it was included in the free shipping offer, and the price was still reasonable.
After I bought it, there were no other problems, but when I tried to connect the software, I couldn't connect at all. My router is a TP router, and after searching online, I found that many people have this problem. I spent more than two hours changing the settings on the router, and finally I was able to solve the problem by using 360WIFI as a medium. In the meantime, I called the Mi customer service, but they didn't have any solutions to this problem, so they directly told me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another thing worth noting is that I saw users’ comments online saying that the camera supports memory cards with a minimum capacity of 8G, and those with smaller storage capacity cannot be recognized, so please be aware of this.
It feels good to use, the image is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor, and the machine gets quite hot, which is hard to accept if you leave it on all the time.
In summary, this product has many shortcomings, so please be careful when you buy it.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought this for my first love, we were together for almost 3 years, and then he left me last year and I still haven't gotten over it.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it for my first love, but I don’t know if I’ll ever use it again, or maybe I’ve thrown it away!
We had been together for almost 3 years, and she left me last year. Whenever I think of her, I feel so sad that I want to leave this world. The first woman in my life, who brought me shadows and sadness for a lifetime, I still haven't been able to get over it.
When I bought this phone, I thought about two things that I felt at the time, that we could bear it together, but now it is unbearable to think about. Maybe life is like this, some people never want to meet, some things they never want to know, but what can we do?
Whenever I see a Samsung phone, I think of her. The pain that comes with it fills my entire body. I have never been willing to spend more than 2,000 yuan on a phone, but when I bought one for her, I did not hesitate. No matter how much I love someone, if they change their mind, all the promises and vows will be meaningless.
High-quality products among domestic brands
Huawei is a premium product among national brands.
The low-key CEO and the company rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business culture of relying on advertising to increase brand awareness!
Enterprises without the strength simply cannot do this, and they dare not do this!
It is precisely because of this that I chose Huawei.
I bought it more than half a year ago and it has been working great, it's really good.
The reason I didn't give it a full score is because there was one time when I used its offline navigation and it didn't locate me correctly. I couldn't find the reason for this, but it worked fine the rest of the time.
Moreover, its online input is great for finding destinations, and after searching, it automatically designs a route. After leaving Wi-Fi, its offline navigation function is very useful, as it doesn’t use up your data plan. It directly communicates with satellites to achieve location and navigation, which is great!
Sony is great.
Sony's low-end phones still have a great design, are affordable, have large screens, and have excellent battery life, making them perfect for the elderly.
Although a long time has passed, this machine still works perfectly.
However, since my Z2 was downgraded, this phone has also fulfilled its mission.
