Diego Cocca is the new national coach of Mexico
In the summer of 2026, Mexico will host the World Cup together with the USA and Canada, with a record 48 teams. Cocca will succeed Gerardo Martino, whose contract was not extended after the early exit of the World Cup in Qatar. The 50-year-old was not one of the favorites for the position until a few days ago. He only took over as coach of the Mexican club Tigres in November. His surprising appointment as national coach caused unrest in the club.
Geesthacht: New bed labels should encourage replanting
Franko Stein (FD Environment, left) and Friedhelm Ringe (Nabu) are putting up the plant signs in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone.
The "Geesthacht blüht auf" (Geesthacht blooms) campaign also includes information about what is currently blooming there - currently in white and pink.
Geesthacht. "Geesthacht is blooming" is an action of the Nabu in cooperation with the city administration. Since 2015, thousands of flower bulbs and plants have been planted in the ground with the help of many volunteers from clubs, schools, kindergarten, companies and institutions. The aim: In the Geesthachter city area, large-scale flower islands should emerge, on which insects can find food at any time. "With favorable weather conditions, the bees are already flying out in January to look for food," says Friedhelm Ringe from the Geesthachter Nabu. He has beehives on his property himself.
So that the project is not just an action by nature conservationists and the city's environmental department, but reaches far beyond the city's parks and gardens, explanatory signs are being placed next to the plants. There are already about 50 signs. Passers-by should be able to find out what is currently blooming here. The hope is that amateur gardeners will specifically plant the flowers at home.
The wild hazel was already in season in the first week of January
More recent additions are shrubs such as Winter Fragrance Hedge and Winter Snowball in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone. They have been in the ground in the pots on Bergedorer Straße for a year now, and are just starting to show the first delicate flowers in white and pink. They have recently been marked with additional signs. "The Winter Fragrance Hedge is a very bushy shrub and can grow up to two meters high and three meters wide," it says there, along with other information about the suitable location.
Friedhelm Ringe emphasizes that it is not only the bedding plants that are now showing flowers. The wild hazel tree had already started blooming in the first week of January. It blooms particularly abundantly on the Richtweg, on the slope, in the Gutenbergstraße, Wilhelm-Holert-Straße, Fahrendofer Weg and many other places.
Ernestine is 102 years old: "Steppen keeps me young"
Munich - Dance god Fred Astaire would certainly be proud of them if he were looking down from heaven to Munich's Ostbahnhof!
Every Monday, three ladies meet at the "Mandolin Motion Show Academy" at 3 p.m. to dance the flamenco - together they are an incredible 277 years old, sorry, young!
The eldest of them is Ernestine Stauchner, who recently celebrated her 102nd birthday.
For the native Munich resident (born January 15, 1921) from Schwanthalerhöhe, Monday is the highlight of the week. "Dancing and stepping is my life, without it I can't imagine myself."
Ernestine is also joined by Eva-Maria Stolze (almost 97) and Elfriede Widmann (79) on the dance floor.
The 97-year-old was born in Jena (Thuringia) in 1926. She was a soubrette, today we would say a musical actress, and worked with the legendary Marika Rökk. "I have spent my life dancing, acting and singing."
At 79 years old, Elfriede Widmann is something of a baby in the group of stepp dancers. She says: "We just have fun with our dance teacher Sissy Engl".
Wikipedia: The tap dance was developed in the 19th century in the USA and is now known all over the world. Two metal plates, which are more durable than the initially used wooden soles, are attached to the front and back of the shoes, which produce rhythmic sounds that match the visual impression and the music. The dancer thus becomes a percussion musician. The English expression for this is tap dance and the French claquettes. The Spanish flamenco could have influenced the tap dance. The tips of the shoes are nailed so that they produce a well-audible sound when dancing.
The 77-year-old Sissi Engl is the soul of the dance studio at Ostbahnhof. She is an actress, dancer and choreographer. "We are a big family, we welcome everyone, big and small, old and young".
And what is the recipe for such a long life? "Movement keeps me young," the 102-year-old tells BILD. Her advice to everyone: "Sport, healthy food, and no alcohol."
Analog in dialogue - The limits of the digital
With the ongoing digitalization, the desire for analog is growing again for some
The rapid pace at which our everyday lives have become digital has left us little time to establish rules for dealing with it and to adapt our communication and working methods to it, says DNN columnist Claudia Muntschick.
Dresden. If you wanted to have a telephone conversation in Bautzen in 1985, there were three options. Either you belonged to the six percent of the lucky ones who had a private connection. Or you belonged to those who had someone from this exclusive group in the neighborhood and could call their relatives there for a bottle of Radeberger. Or you looked for a telephone booth. The smell of the plastic receiver and the sound of the small change in the machine are unforgettable. My biggest dream was to be able to see the other person's face when I called - video telephony, I thought, what a great thing that would be!
What next in Moldova? 14 days for a new government
In Moldova (also: Moldavia), President Maia Sandu has entrusted the former Minister of the Interior, Dorin Recean, with the task of forming a government.
The 48-year-old economic expert now has 14 days to do so. Recean was previously one of the president's advisors.
After only one and a half years in office, Prime Minister Natalia Gavrilita surprisingly resigned. The pro-European head of government was under massive pressure, as she herself announced as an explanation for her resignation - apparently she was attacked by pro-Russian forces.
The president thanked Gavrilita for their "enormous sacrifice".
Moldova is a neighboring country of Ukraine and is suffering from the economic consequences of the war. Inflation is over 40 percent and the small republic has taken in tens of thousands of refugees from Ukraine.
In the parliament in Chisinau, the pro-European party PAS (Party of Action and Solidarity), founded by President Sandu, has a comfortable majority, occupying 63 of the 101 seats. The confirmation of the new head of government and his cabinet should therefore not pose a problem.
However, pro-European politicians have lost popularity in Moldova in recent months, while pro-Russian politicians - with support from the Kremlin - have become more popular.
These were the costumes of the celebrities
In 2023, Veitshöchheim will celebrate in style again. The fifth season is in full swing and the celebrities were not long in coming.
The father of the state, Markus Söder, did not come as Moses, as his costume suggests. He sees himself more as the tribal elder of Bavaria. At his side is his wife, Karin Baumüller-Söder.
Bavaria's Minister for the Environment and Consumer Protection, Thorsten Glauber, has chosen the children's hero Chase from Paw Patrol for his costume.
From the depths of the sea to Franconia came Justice Minister Georg Eisenreich and his wife Anja.
Completely detached: The Minister for Science and the Arts, Markus Blume, is drawn to space.
The President of the State Parliament, Ilse Aigner, chose no one less than "Mama Bavaria" as a role model for her costume.
In peace and love mode: Bavaria's Health Minister Klaus Holetschek with his wife Birgit.
Bob the Builder aka Building Minister Christian Bernreiter with his wife Ann-Kathrin Jandt-Bernreiter as Wendy.
Bavaria's golden boy: Finance Minister Albert Füracker with his wife Evelyne. She wore silver.
He even plays the sheriff at carnival: Bavaria's Minister of the Interior, Joachim Herrmann, with his wife Gerswid.
On the roller coaster: Economics Minister Hubert Aiwanger pays tribute to the crafts with his costume. His partner Tanja Schweiger, district administrator of the Regensburg district, does the same.
The political opposition was of course not to be missed.
Everything for Bavaria: Green Party leader Katharina Schulze as Bavaria and her co-leader Ludwig Hartmann as the Bavarian lion.
The SPD's Fraction Chief Lust: Florian von Brunn with SPD State Chairman Ronja Endres.
Royal was it with FDP Fraction Leader Martin Hagen. He and his wife Anisha came as Harry and Meghan.
Otherwise, he will certainly say more. In Veitshöchheim, the group leader in the EU Parliament, Manfred Weber, was on his way as a pantomime. Beside him was Mrs Andrea.
If politics don't work out, he can always do magic. Nuremberg's mayor Marcus König as Harry Potter and his wife Anke as Hermione.
Quick as a bee on the move: Bavaria's Digital Minister Judith Gerlach.
Back to the 1920s: the legal director of the BR, Eva Majuntke, BR Director Katja Wildermuth and BR Culture Program Director Björn Wilhelm.
A small dig at the climate activists from the Franconian Tatort detective Sebastian Fleischer played by Alexander Leopold Schadt.
The first mayor of Veitshöchheim was of course not to be missed. Jürgen Götz and his wife Julia.
Oberhof: Kühn eighth in the World Cup sprint
Bö continued his impressive series despite difficult conditions and also won the sixth sprint race of the season. The five-time Olympic champion has now collected 14 World Championship titles and is closing in on his compatriot Ole Einar Björndalen. The biathlon icon, who is a TV expert on site, is still the undisputed record champion with 20 World Championship gold medals. Even heavy fog did not prevent the long-time winner Bö from collecting his second gold at the Rennsteig. On Wednesday, the mixed relay team from Norway had already successfully defended its title.
Hardly anyone doubts that the third race will be a hunting race. In the pursuit, Bö is once again the clear favorite. His running form is outstanding, so he can compensate for shooting errors to a certain extent.
Meanwhile, things were not going well for Doll. After the veteran had already given up all chances of a medal in the mixed relay with a penalty round, and only managed to finish in sixth place, things did not go any better three days later. Three penalty rounds in lying position and two more standing were a big disappointment for the oldest member of the German team, who had celebrated the greatest success of his career in this discipline in 2017.
In Hochfilzen, he won six years ago by a surprising margin of 0.7 seconds, just ahead of Bö. It was one of only three career successes for Dolls, who has so far stood on the podium once this winter. The eighth-place finisher from Beijing left after his weak performance without saying a word and initially did not give any interviews. Roman Rees managed to finish in 19th place, and the second World Cup debutant, David Zobel, finished in 35th place.
Biden receives Lula: "We must stand up for democracy"
At a meeting between US President Joe Biden and his Brazilian counterpart, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, the focus is on the value of democracy. Both look back on their predecessors.
US President Joe Biden has urged his Brazilian counterpart Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva to uphold democratic values during a visit.
"The strong democracy of our two nations has been tested," Biden said on Friday in the White House in Washington. "We must continue to stand up for democracy, for the democratic values that are at the core of our strength." Lula responded to his right-wing predecessor Jair Bolsonaro: "Brazil has been isolated for four years."
The left-wing politician Lula had prevailed over Bolsonaro in a runoff vote at the end of October. Lula took office on January 1. The change of power was accompanied by violent riots. Bolsonaro's supporters had stormed the Congress, the Supreme Court, and the government seat in the capital Brasília in January. The outbreak of violence in Brazil reminds us in a dark way of the storming of the US Capitol almost two years ago, when supporters of then-President Donald Trump violently entered the parliament in Washington.
Lula criticized Bolsonaro openly at the meeting with Biden. His predecessor did not pay much attention to international relations. "His world began and ended with fake news, morning, afternoon and evening," said Lula. "That sounds familiar to me," replied Biden - an obvious reference to his predecessor Trump.
A brief note on the press - Friday
Does anyone remember the RAF wanted posters? They showed the members of the Red Army Faction who were authorized for denunciation and execution.
In a country with a culture of denunciation, which existed before Corona, public opinion was created against the most dangerous opponents of the FRG; let's say the bourgeois democracy, let's say the late capitalist society. (Here nothing about the really dangerous ones in striped suits and ties.)
Now the Stuttgart newspaper, which is usually more interested in Raudis on the S-Bahn or masturbators in the park, is publishing a new edition with the "war criminals" Putin's friends. Because they are so nice, there is a photo gallery. Of course, the StZ is poorly informed, because there are probably more "Russian friends" in this world, which includes Asia, Africa and Latin America, than the StZ has space for photos.
But that's not the point, the point is: Mrs Wagenknecht is in first place to fifth (!), then Mrs Schwarzer follows.
Well, I don't know anyone in my environment who reads this paper anymore. If there is, it's high time. We have reached the well-known level where there is nothing left.
And now, at least dialectically, Mrs Wagenknecht should be the most popular politician of all the people who are not yet completely brainwashed, i.e. peace-loving, pacifist and anti-militarist people. (And here no differentiation is needed anymore.)
Harald Glööckler files for divorce from his husband Dieter Schroth
Designer Harald Glööckler (57) and his partner Dieter Schroth (74) have separated. This was confirmed by Glööckler's lawyer Christian-Oliver Moser to the "Bild" newspaper and RTL in the same words. It says: "I can confirm that my client has filed an application for the dissolution of his registered partnership with his family lawyer at the competent court. I will not comment on details."
Glööckler and his life partner Schroth had been together for 35 years, and rumors of a separation had been circulating for about a year. According to various media reports, the fashion designer moved from their shared home in the Palatinate to Berlin after his participation in the jungle camp. He also spoke about marital problems on the RTL show.
SS massacres in Oradour-sur-Glane: Last survivor dead
In the destroyed village northwest of Limoges, whose ruins have been preserved, a memorial center was established in 1999. France's President Emmanuel Macron had honored Hébras with the national Order of Merit a year ago. Hébras had fought for freedom and defended the values of France, said Macron. He had also contributed to German-French peace. The survivor had campaigned for German-French youth encounters, among other things.
A curve for 14 houses: In Homeien, everyone knows everyone
LZ series Nordlippische Weiler: In Homeien, it is not uncommon for three or four generations to live under one roof. Here, residents find pure idyll. In the summer, up to 300 motorcycles per day race along the winding road between Niedermeien and Hillentrup - and some even go back again.
Deutsche Bank CEO Christian Sewing believes that further interest rate hikes are "absolutely" necessary in the fight against high inflation. "The inflationary risks are still high. The cost of energy can easily rise again, and the opening of China can also give prices a temporary boost," Sewing told the "Welt am Sonntag".
The European Central Bank (ECB) raised interest rates in the eurozone for the fifth time in a row at the beginning of February and announced another increase of 0.5 percentage points for the meeting on 16 March. The interest rate in the eurozone is now 3.0 percent. The deposit rate that commercial banks receive when they park money at the ECB is 2.5 percent.
Higher interest rates make loans more expensive, which can slow down demand and thus counteract high inflation rates. Higher loan interest rates can also lead to postponed investments and thus weaker economic growth.
Rising interest rates are a burden for highly indebted eurozone countries such as Italy. "The consequences of sustained high inflation are much more serious than the higher financing costs for some countries," said Sewing. "Of course, we must keep this in mind, but a high level of debt should not prevent the ECB from acting consistently."
The ECB aims for price stability in the eurozone in the medium term with an inflation rate of two percent. This target has been far away for months. In January, the price increase weakened again, but consumer prices in the currency area of the now 20 countries were still 8.5 percent above the level of the previous year.
Higher inflation rates reduce the purchasing power of consumers, as they can afford less for a euro. Strongly increased energy prices, which are a major driver of inflation, are also a burden for companies.
If inflation remains high, private consumption will "collapse sooner or later," warned Sewing, who is also president of the Federal Association of German Banks (BdB). "I currently see this as the greatest danger to the German economy. But I am optimistic that we can avoid this scenario."
Bosch CEO Stefan Hartung hopes for a broad debate on the "Germany speed" called for by Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) in infrastructure projects. "There will have to be a political and social dialogue about it. And it may also be a bit more controversial," he told the German Press Agency in Stuttgart. He hopes that in the end, a set of rules will emerge, with which it will not necessarily have to go as fast as with the LNG terminals put into operation at the turn of the year - but not as slow as before either.
In mid-December, after ten months of planning and construction, the first German terminal for the import of liquefied natural gas (LNG) was opened. The aim was to close the gap in the gas supply due to the lack of Russian gas deliveries to some extent. Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) had spoken of a new "Germany speed" on this occasion. In addition, the federal government had recently accelerated the approval procedures for wind turbines and power lines.
"First of all, it is very reassuring that the government acts so quickly when it comes to this. However, this should not automatically mean that we will always act so categorically from now on and, for example, put a wind turbine in the neighbor's garden against his will," said Hartung. There must therefore still be a negotiation process, which is what we as a society find right and wrong.
In the past, we have tried to use the classic rulebook and failed. "We should think again about whether our previous approach was the right one. Maybe we have overdone it with the rulebook and made it too complicated".
In view of the many open tasks, such as the expansion of power lines, Hartung said he does not envy the federal government and the companies involved. "As a consumer of this energy, I need the expansion to happen and it should be as green as possible."
Trade union warns of the disintegration of the Bayer Group
The chemical trade union IG BCE warns of a break-up of the company after an announced change in management at Bayer. "From the perspective of the employees, Bayer is exactly the right size with its three pillars to meet the challenges of the future," said Francesco Grioli, a member of the union's board and a member of Bayer's supervisory board, to the "Rheinische Post" (Saturday edition).
This refers to the pharmaceutical business with prescription drugs, the consumer health sector with non-prescription drugs, and the agricultural business. "The transformation of the industry can only be managed with a corporate policy based on risk diversification and sustainability - and not on hedge fund activism".
The background is the change in management announced on Thursday at the pharmaceutical and agrochemical company. The controversial CEO Werner Baumann will step down this summer. The former CEO of the Swiss rival Roche, Bill Anderson, is expected to take over at the beginning of June.
Baumann has been under criticism for a long time. The 2018 acquisition of the US seed producer Monsanto for 63 billion dollars is hanging over the manager. The purchase had brought the Leverkusen company expensive legal disputes about alleged cancer risks of the weed killer glyphosate. The Bayer share has been in a downward spiral for years. In 2019, the shareholders even refused to grant the CEO discharge at the annual general meeting.
It has been known for some time that Baumann does not intend to extend his contract, which was actually supposed to run until 2024. Long-term oriented strategic investors had put pressure on him.
The very small fund with an unknown level of participation in Bayer is known for its aggressive approach. A spin-off of the Consumer Health sector would be a possible way to increase the company's value, said Markus Manns, fund manager at Union Investment, to the "Rheinische Post". However, he does not believe that a spin-off of the much larger agricultural sector Crop Science is feasible.
Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against pension reform
Paris
The French want to take to the streets again on Saturday against the planned pension reform.
The unions are opposing the government's plans with massive protests on the streets. Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against the pension reform again on Saturday.
In France, hundreds of thousands of people are expected to demonstrate against President Emmanuel Macron's planned pension reform on Saturday. For the fourth time, the unions are mobilizing against the plans of the center-right government to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64 years. Twice already, over a million people took to the streets and there were nationwide strikes. Last Tuesday, 750,000 participants were counted at protests. A heated debate about the controversial reform has been going on in parliament for a week.
Many people in France are already working longer than until the age of 62, if they have not paid in long enough for a pension free of deductions when they reach retirement age. In many demanding professions, people could hardly work any longer, the opponents of the reform believe. In addition, employees want to be able to enjoy their well-deserved pension and not completely wear out their health at work.
Macron: Threatening deficit in pension fund
Macron justifies the reform with a threatened deficit in the pension fund. As the population is getting older, employees would have to pay more to cover the increasing number of pensioners. In order to keep the amount of the pension stable, the population would have to work a little more. The critics doubt the government's calculations and demand that the state find other sources of money to keep the pension system in balance.
But the government wants to tighten not only the retirement age. The increase in the necessary contribution period for a full pension, which was already decided years ago, is to be accelerated. In addition, individual pension systems with privileges for certain professions are to be abolished. The minimum pension is to rise to around 1,200 euros.
The pension reform is considered one of President Macron's most important projects. During the Corona pandemic, an initial attempt to implement the reform was abandoned, and there were massive protests and strikes even then. Several presidents before Macron tried to reform the French pension system with varying degrees of success - there was always broad protest and strikes.
Since Macron's camp no longer has an absolute majority in parliament, it hopes to push through the reform with the help of the conservative Républicains, who have announced their support. However, some of the deputies - even from Macron's own party - still have reservations. And even greater than the fear of a close vote at the moment seems to be Macron's concern about paralyzing strikes. Before the renewed demonstrations on Saturday, the president said that he could count on the organizers to ensure that they were peaceful and did not lead to a blockade of the country.
Quiet weather expected - lots of sunshine in the highlands
A powerful high-pressure area is located over Central Europe and determines the weather in Germany. Does this mean that there will be a lot of sunshine everywhere?
Offenbach
In Germany, calm high-pressure weather is expected at least until the middle of the week. "When you look at the weather maps, a powerful high-pressure area directly over Central Europe immediately catches the eye," explains meteorologist Markus Übel from the German Weather Service on Saturday in Offenbach. "Although this high will shift slightly to the east over the course of the next week, it will still determine the weather in Germany."
However, calm high-pressure weather in winter does not necessarily mean sunny weather, says Übel. "Such a high can even be quite mean and give people in the lowlands a dreary, foggy gray for days on end, while there is pure sunshine in the uplands of the midlands".
In most regions, Sunday will start with a hazy-misty atmosphere. According to the DWD, it may also rain from the Erzgebirge and the Thüringer Forest to Lower Bavaria. Especially on the Alpine border, but also in the southwest and parts of the west, the cloud cover will lift during the day and the sun will appear more frequently. In the rest of the country, it will remain heavily overcast or covered in a thick fog. Temperatures will reach 4 to 9 degrees, near the Rhine around 10 degrees.
"On Monday, the sun, which is gradually becoming stronger, will start to break through the high fog and can dissolve it more and more over the course of the day," says the meteorologist. Sunshine is expected all day on the edge of the Alps, in the uplands of the midlands and in parts of North Rhine-Westphalia. Elsewhere, it will have to fight its way through the high fog. The highest temperatures are expected to be between 5 and 9 degrees, with 11 degrees expected on the Lower Rhine and only 3 degrees in the southeast.
On Tuesday, there may be only a slow clearing of fog or thick fog in some lowlands. Otherwise, the weather will be sunny after the fog clears. In higher areas, in large parts of NRW and on the edge of the Alps, the sun is expected to shine all day, according to the forecasts. The temperatures will rise to between 5 and 11 degrees depending on the amount of sunshine.
Dominatorin is disappointed: Goggia will not win a World Cup medal again
The favourite Sofia Goggia was severely disappointed after her elimination in the downhill race of the Alpine Ski World Championships.
Méribel
"I am sad because I did not perform to the level I can," said the Italian on ZDF after she had hit the post and was eliminated. The 30-year-old was able to prevent a potentially serious fall.
Goggia has been the dominant downhill skier in the World Cup for years. She has won four of the six previous season races in this discipline. After winning gold in Pyeongchang in 2018, she won silver at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing. Goggia, who is known for her risky driving style, will have to wait for a World Cup medal in her specialty. She missed the race in Cortina d'Ampezzo two years ago due to injury.
"I actually thought I was doing well. It was about hundredths of a second," said Goggia after the Swiss skier Jasmine Flury's surprising victory in Méribel. "I'm disappointed. I gave it my all. But that's life." Sometimes you believe things are guaranteed, she said about the medal that was expected by all experts and ultimately missed: "But they're not."
Girls missing in Berlin: Who has seen Viktoriya?
Viktoriya Stankovych has been missing since February 10.
Viktoriya Stankovych was last seen at the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station on Friday. The police are asking for information about her whereabouts.
Berlin. The Berlin police are asking for the public's help in the search for a missing child. The 12-year-old Viktoriya Stankovych is said to have left the school grounds with other children on February 10, 2023, at 12:30 p.m. She was last seen at the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station. The child has been a refugee in Berlin since April 2022 and has very limited knowledge of German and the local area.
Description of person: slim build
brown eyes
black, long hair with a ponytail
dressed in a long black jacket; dark trousers; pink ankle boots and a striped scarf
carries a backpack
The criminal police of the Police Directorate 1 (North) can be reached at the following number: (030) 4664 - 171 100 or any other police station.
Zelensky and ministers against Russia's participation in the Olympics
Kiev. With the demand for the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris, sports politicians from 35 nations have increased the pressure on the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
At a joint telephone conference, it was agreed to draft a statement to prevent attempts to send athletes from Russia and Belarus back to international sports competitions, the Lithuanian Ministry of Sports announced on its website.
"We demand the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from all international competitions, including the Olympic Games, as long as the war in Ukraine continues," said Minister Jurgita Šiugždinienė.
The video consultation had taken place at the initiative of Great Britain. It had been a very productive meeting, wrote the British Sports Minister Lucy Frazer on Twitter. "And I made the position of Great Britain very clear: As long as Putin continues his barbaric war, Russia and Belarus should not be represented at the Olympic Games. We will now issue a joint statement on this topic".
Previously, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky protested against the participation of athletes from Russia and Belarus in international competitions at an international video conference of sports ministers and other high-ranking representatives. "While Russia is killing and terrorizing, representatives of this terrorist state have no place in sports and Olympic competitions," Zelensky said. He published his speech on his Telegram channel. In the end, a neutral flag is also stained with blood and is not acceptable due to the Russian aggressive war.
Ukraine threatens with boycott
Ukraine also considers Belarus to be a party to the war, because the country provides Russian troops with military bases for attacks. Zelensky called on officials to defend the Olympic principles and prevent the admission of Russian athletes to the competitions. The president also renewed his criticism of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), which he said had "lost its honesty".
The reason for the conference was the announcement by the IOC that it wanted to allow athletes from Russia and Belarus to participate in international competitions under certain conditions. Ukraine has also threatened a boycott if the IOC allows the athletes to participate.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior also takes a position
The Federal Ministry of the Interior, which is responsible for sports, subsequently stated that it had reiterated its refusal to allow Russian and Belarusian athletes to start in Paris. "In our view, there is no reason to invite Russian and Belarusian athletes back into competition. Ukrainian athletes must continue to receive the full solidarity and support of the international sports community. The IOC's efforts to reinstate Russian and Belarusian athletes are the wrong way," a spokesperson for the Ministry of the Interior told dpa in response to a request.
Interior Minister Nancy Faeser (SPD) had already emphasized at the end of January: "Sport should be clear in its condemnation of the brutal war that Putin is waging against the Ukrainian civilian population. Major sporting events do not take place in a vacuum." Russia, on the other hand, emphasizes that sport and politics must be kept separate.
Currently, Russia and Belarus are excluded from many international sports competitions. However, the IOC is aiming for a return of athletes from both countries to the international sports stage under a neutral flag, provided they clearly commit to the Olympic Charter and do not actively support the war in Ukraine. IOC President Thomas Bach recently stated that exclusion "because of a passport or place of birth" violates the ban on discrimination.
Pointing out where it happens
"Hey, nice ass!" whistling at the woman in the tight sexy costume and calling out suggestive comments: all of this falls under the term "Catcalling". Behind the term is nothing less than a form of verbal sexual harassment in public spaces.
Half of the vehicles lost? : USA see Moscow's tank stocks greatly depleted
Half of the vehicles lost? USA see Moscow's tank stocks greatly depleted
The Pentagon estimates that Russia has lost a significant number of tanks in Ukraine since the beginning of the war.
The Russian army has already lost half of its tanks in its attack on Ukraine, according to estimates by the US Department of Defense. "Probably half of the main stock of tanks" of the Russian army has been "destroyed or confiscated" by Ukraine, said Celeste Wallander, Undersecretary of State for International Security Affairs at the US Department of Defense.
Wallander did not provide any further details about the number of tanks seized and destroyed by the US at an online event of the think tank Center for a New American Security.
Ukraine is expected to receive battle tanks from several Western allies in the coming weeks. Great Britain has promised to supply Kiev with Challenger-2 battle tanks for March. Germany wants to deliver a battalion of Leopard-2 tanks to Ukraine in a coalition with other states by April. The United States have also promised a battalion of 31 Abrams-type battle tanks. However, their delivery is expected to take much longer.
Russia wants to catch up
In response to Western military aid, former Kremlin chief Dmitri Medvedev has promised to build and modernize thousands of tanks. "As we know, our enemy abroad has been begging for planes, missiles, and tanks," Medvedev, who is now deputy head of the Russian Security Council, said during a visit to a tank factory in the Siberian city of Omsk. "It is clear that it is essential for us in this case to increase the production of various types of weapons and military technology - including modern tanks."
A law has been in force in Russia since last summer, which allows the economy to be more closely aligned with the needs of the army. This means that individual industries can be obliged to supply the armed forces.
Turmoil over the filling of posts in the army
The post that the former director of the Army History Museum (HGM) Christian Ortner will hold in the future was not advertised. The personnel representative of the Academy Herwig Jedlaucnik suspects post corruption and abuse of office. Defense Minister Klaudia Tanner (ÖVP) defends the action.
A call for tenders is not necessary because the appointment is for an unfilled position, the minister said. She did not want to comment on "speculations by a liberal personnel representative". Ortner was replaced last year after 17 years at the head of the HGM. In addition to criticism of the museum's handling of Austria's military past, he was confronted with serious mobbing allegations. These have been cleared up from Tanner's point of view.
Jedlaucnik also doubts the suitability of Ortners content. Ornter is an expert on the First World War and the wars of the monarchy, but the institute deals with current issues of security policy.
The SPÖ demands that Tanner clarify the "unusual appointment process". The decision was tainted by the "appearance of post-sharing", says SPÖ spokesman Robert Laimer. The Neos demand that Tanner withdraw the appointment. The ÖVP is "still up to its neck in the corruption swamp", said Douglas Hoyos, spokesman for state defense. He announced a parliamentary inquiry on the subject.
Carnival: The first fools go down on their knees before costs
Thuringia's carnival stronghold Wasungen wants to stick to the traditional carnival parade, unlike the state capital. However, the higher costs, including for security, are difficult to manage in Wasungen, says carnival president Marcel Kißling. The funds alone for this make up about half of the calculated total costs for the parade.
In Brandenburg, there are no carnival parades. The "Parade of the Happy People" in Cottbus, probably once again the largest in East Germany, will take place for the first time after the pandemic. No parades were cancelled during the Swabian-Alemannic Carnival either.
Marne, the carnival capital of Schleswig-Holstein, is sticking to the traditional parade despite the rising costs. "We are going ahead with our event," says the president of the carnival society, Heiko Claußen. But even here, financial worries are being felt: If more sponsors are not found or the existing ones do not contribute more, reserves would have to be tapped - "this cannot be done every year". The current deficit: around 200,000 euros.
And inflation: For sweets, there is a price increase of up to 60 percent, says Elvira Reuther from the Nürnberger Fastnachtszug support association. Due to luck in misfortune, too much was ordered in 2020, which is why there is still enough stock this time. However, it is already certain that it will be more expensive for the parade. For security, twice as many people are needed as in 2020.
Anyone standing on the edge of the road in the Rhineland on Rosenmontag could get fewer sweets than before. Because sweets have become more expensive, some participants in the parade do not have as much with them. Candy or not, the crowds are likely to be large: "I believe that if it does not rain on that day, we can certainly expect an increased crowd," says the Cologne parade leader Holger Kirsch. "That is due to the fact that two years ago there was no regular Rosenmontagszug. The parade cannot be replaced by anything."
The organizing committee in Cologne does not comment in detail on the costs. However, the train is generally "deficitary", which is no secret.
The Ukraine Diary: Dreams and homemade vodka
The Ukrainians are not without reason known as heavy drinkers. There is local beer such as Obolon from Kiev or beer from Lemberg. Every now and then I discover German beer here. No Kulmbacher, but other large breweries such as Krombacher or Warsteiner. I can't really tell the difference in taste. The same applies to vodka, which is widely available. They mainly distill it in the villages themselves. They call it Samargon. No one knows exactly how much of it is consumed in the former Soviet republics. In Russia, the Minister of Health claimed a few years ago that consumption had fallen by an incredible 80 percent in five years. Well, you can see that you can't really believe the Russians. It is said that tourists should be careful with it. But that only applies if they go to the mass sales. Then they are probably also being cheated.
FC Hansa Rostock rewards itself for its hard work: "Match luck on our side"
Eating and drinking
If you want to celebrate the weekend with cocktails or have a beer after work, you will find great places to do so in Rostock and Warnemünde. The restaurant scene offers many locations for after-work meetings or warming up for club parties. Where is the best place? A look at the Google reviews shows it.
Biathlon World Cup: Federal President sees favourite victory and praises Oberhof
Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his wife Elke Büdenbender are welcomed by stove cleaner master Tobias Böttger and the Oberhof mascot "Flocke" at the arena
Oberhof. The German biathletes had nothing to do with the medal distribution at the World Cup sprint in Oberhof. However, there were two glimmers of light in the fog.
No matter how hard the Federal President tried, it was not possible to see from the VIP stand on Saturday whether the discs on the shooting range really fell. "I had to get the results on my phone," Frank-Walter Steinmeier said with a smile, referring to the fog that kept drifting into the stadium, which greatly impaired the view of the race for the spectators on the Rennsteig.
Steinmeier enjoyed the visit to the 10 km sprint race at the Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof, and received numerous tips from the Olympic champions Frank Ullrich and Peter Sendel: "Since the Olympic Games in South Korea, when Laura Dahlmeier won gold in the first race, I have been fascinated by biathlon," he revealed, and praised Oberhof for its modernized sports facilities: "The newly renovated arena is great and offers ideal conditions. The athletes say so too - with thanks to those who have been working here since the World Championships were awarded." The location is now "a step ahead" of many others in terms of sustainability, and is therefore "sure for the next years and even decades".
The Norwegian Johannes Thingnes Bö once again outran the competition in the sport. Despite a penalty lap after a shooting error, he secured his sixth victory in the sixth sprint of the winter - and thus his second world title in Oberhof. Behind him, his brother Tarjei, who shot without errors (14.8 seconds behind), and Sturla Holm Lägreid (1 penalty lap/39.9 seconds) as well as Johannes Dale (1/43.6) completed the Norwegian quadruple victory.
The local ski hunters were unable to get involved in the battle for the medals a day after Denise Herrmann-Wicks triumph. Johannes Kühn, after a shooting error and with a deficit of 1:04.8 minutes, took the eighth place as the best German. World Cup debutant Justus Strelow shot flawlessly and became twelfth (1:14.6). Two bright spots behind the gray veil. On the other hand, Benedikt Doll once again disappointed. After his botched mixed effort on Wednesday, the Black Forest native this time left five targets standing and disappeared as the 55th, deeply disappointed and without comment, into the dressing room.
Bö started the race with number 1 in front of 14,300 spectators and manifested this status despite the complicated visibility conditions. However: In his last two standing shots, he had the luck of the skilled; they landed on the edge of the discs and still fell. The 29-year-old then enjoyed the award ceremony together with his five-year-older brother: "It is the best feeling to stand here with him," said the world champion: "We are the best family, the best brothers, the best athletes."
There is hardly any doubt that the Norwegians will also dominate the pursuit on Sunday. In the women's race, however, the German hopes rest on Herrmann-Wick. "If you start with number one, the goal is not to finish tenth. There is only full throttle and attack to defend the number one position," said Sport Director Felix Bitterling, putting his "locomotive" to the test. The organizers expect an almost sold-out arena for the double event (13.25 and 15.30 hours/ZDF and Eurosport live).
Brych dislikes "bee swarm" on the pitch
Felix Brych - Referee Felix Brych decides on the referee ball.
Aggressive players or grumbling coaches? Germany's referees want to "consistently punish unsporting behavior". Referee chief Fröhlich points to a role model function.
German top referee Felix Brych has identified negative trends in the way players interact on the pitch. "I think there are new behaviours from the players, which surround the referee with a bit of a bee swarm and try to push him into the review area," the 47-year-old told the German Press Agency. "We discussed this in the winter break. We have decided that we do not want to accept such unsporting behaviour. We will pay more attention to this and will also sanction it."
Lastly, two coaches were also given red cards. Mainz coach Bo Svensson was shown the red card in the cup defeat against FC Bayern. For Freiburg coach Christian Streich, the league defeat in Dortmund was punished with a yellow-red card. "The coach's behavior also falls into the category of unsportsmanship. We have noticed that unsportsmanship has also increased in this area, that the behavior towards referees has become a bit more demanding or aggressive. We also want to consistently punish such unsportsmanship," said Brych.
DFB referee chief Lutz Michael Fröhlich pointed out a fundamentally good relationship between coaches and referees. "Overall, the relationship is good. There are reactions, and there are consequent counter-reactions. The person affected must then live with that. That shouldn't be a big deal," Fröhlich told the German Press Agency.
"Emotions can certainly lead to conflicts in the course of the game. But if emotions spill over into personal insults, then you have to accept that the corresponding measures are taken by the referee," said Fröhlich. In the most recent cases, the parties involved have cleared things up afterwards. "The only thing that would be important is if a process of reflection were to start overall, so that such behavior simply wouldn't be tolerated," said Fröhlich on the sidelines of an event of the Association of German Sports Journalists in Munich.
The 65-year-old pointed out possible effects at a different level. "Of course, incidents from professional football always have an impact. There is a role model effect, which results in imitation. In the most recent cases in the Bundesliga, the referees have consistently reacted to negative behavior," said Fröhlich. "Regardless of the consistent interpretation of the rules in the game, a clarifying conversation, with an exchange of perspectives between the referees and those affected, is always helpful."
Combiner Oftebro wins in Schonach
The victory was secured by the Norwegian Jens Luraas Oftebro after a jump from the normal hill and the ten kilometre long cross-country ski race, ahead of the Austrian leader Johannes Lamparter. Third place went to Kristjan Ilves from Estonia.
The German combined athletes are not in their best line-up in the Black Forest. Beijing Olympic champion Vinzenz Geiger, Eric Frenzel and Johannes Rydzek are not there. They are preparing for the World Championships, which will take place from February 21 to March 5 in Planica, Slovenia, with training in Oberstdorf. "We have three world-class athletes at home. The team naturally feels that," said team coach Hermann Weinbuch on ZDF.
Seven people lightly injured after a collision on the A5
Seven people, including two children, were slightly injured in a collision involving four vehicles on the A5 motorway near Hemsbach (Rhein-Neckar-Kreis). According to a police statement, the collision occurred on Saturday when a car driver hit a car from behind in a slight traffic jam and pushed it into two other cars. The full closure of the lanes in the direction of Heidelberg was lifted after about an hour and a half.
Finissage at the Marl Sculpture Museum
The exhibition was initiated by the initiators Sebastian Freytag (left) and Georg Elben (right), who are standing in front of the artist Christian Freudenberger's wall painting.
On Sunday, February 12, an unusual exhibition will end at the Marl Sculpture Museum. For the finale, there are some extras.
The final event for the exhibition "Wandgebunden" will take place on Sunday, February 12, at 3 p.m. in the transitional quarters of the Marl Sculpture Museum in Georg-Herwegh-Straße 63-67. In three exhibition rooms, two large-format wall paintings will draw attention.
After the exhibition, the walls will be painted over, the artworks will disappear. However, a catalogue documents the works created specifically for the Marl Museum. It will be presented by the two curators Georg Elben and Sebastian Freytag on February 12.
For the final event, Dr. Friederike Schuler will also give a lecture on wall-bound art in the service of the community. Using numerous examples, she will present the special features of wall painting from the Weimar Republic and ask about the connections to this art form in the Federal Republic, with a focus on NRW from the 1950s to the 1970s.
Dr. Friederike Schuler is a freelance art historian and curator who earned her doctorate in 2013 on the wall paintings of the Weimar Republic. Since then, she has been researching architectural art and the history of art and institutions in post-war Germany, most recently with Sebastian Freytag on art in construction in NRW. After the lecture, the last curator's tour through the exhibition takes place. The artists are on site.
Arrest warrants after building collapses in Turkey
It is about structural defects that have favored the collapse of buildings: In the Turkish earthquake region, the judiciary has issued arrest warrants against dozens of suspects.
Istanbul. Dozens of arrest warrants have been issued in southern Turkey after building collapses during the earthquake. In the city of Diyarbakir, around 33 people have been arrested, reported the state news agency Anadolu on Saturday, citing prosecutors. The defendants are said to be responsible for construction defects that may have contributed to the collapse of the buildings.
The prosecutor's office in Adana is also investigating possible construction defects in collapsed buildings, according to Anadolu. As part of these investigations, 62 arrest warrants have been issued so far, it was reported. One of the suspects was reportedly arrested at Istanbul airport. He allegedly tried to travel to Montenegro with cash and is now in custody, Anadolu reported. Nine other people were arrested in the cities of Sanliurfa and Osmaniye.
On Monday morning, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.7 shook the Turkish-Syrian border area, followed by another earthquake with a magnitude of 7.6 in the afternoon. More than 7,500 buildings collapsed in Turkey alone.
Former East German Prime Minister Hans Modrow has died
Hans Modrow is dead, the Left Party in the Bundestag announced. The 95-year-old died in the night to Saturday. Fraction Chairman Dietmar Bartsch praised the former SED functionary and later PDS and Left politician as a "deeply sincere socialist".
Last night, "Hans Modrow passed away at the age of 95," the Left Party in the Bundestag announced on Saturday. The party is losing "a significant personality," explained the party's chairman Dietmar Bartsch and the former party leader Gregor Gysi.
In the 1970s, Hans Modrow became the 1st Secretary of the SED district leadership in Dresden. As Minister President, he accompanied the end of the GDR. Only four days after the fall of the Berlin Wall, on November 13, 1989, he became the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the GDR - for about 150 days. In the Volkskammer elections on March 18, 1990, the SED/PDS lost power and Modrow lost his office a month later. He was succeeded as the last Minister President of the GDR until reunification by the CDU politician Lothar de Maizière.
The chairman of the Left Party, Dietmar Bartsch, described Modrow in a message on the microblogging service Twitter as a "deeply sincere and combative socialist". Bartsch added:
"He was an important advisor to our party until a very old age, whose wisdom will be missed."
"The entire peaceful course of the unification of Germany was precisely a special merit of his. That will remain his political legacy," wrote Bartsch and Gysi in their obituary.
"His later work in the Volkskammer, the Bundestag, the European Parliament and as honorary chairman of the PDS always consisted of representing even those parts of the former East German population who did not want it and whose interests were regularly violated."
After reunification, Modrow sat in the German Bundestag for the PDS from 1990 to 1994 and represented it in the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
According to a report by the German Press Agency (dpa), Modrow viewed the new state "quite critically". German unity was achieved too quickly, the GDR was swallowed up too unconditionally, and it was condemned as an "unjust state" too one-sidedly, Modrow criticized in many interviews, according to dpa.
What happened in the night
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky condemns Russian missile attacks. Meanwhile, Kiev must carry out repairs to the power grid.
Kiev - The latest wave of Russian rocket attacks is forcing emergency repairs to the Ukrainian energy grid. However, Ukraine is also attacking Russian positions. Several thermal and hydroelectric power plants have been damaged, said the head of the energy supplier Ukrenerho, Volodymyr Kudryzkyj, on Friday evening on Ukrainian television. The situation with the power supply in the Charkiv region is particularly bad. Due to the instability in the Ukrainian power grid, a reactor block had to be shut down at the Chmelnyzkyi nuclear power plant, and production was curtailed at the Riwne and Southern Ukraine nuclear power plants.
President Volodymyr Zelensky condemned the Russian attack with about 100 missiles and cruise missiles on Friday as terrorism. In a video message, however, he reported to his countrymen how much support Ukraine received on its trip to London, Paris and Brussels this week.
Zelensky does not want to leave the small town of Bachmut in the lurch
On February 24, war will have been going on for a year. US President Joe Biden announced a visit to Poland, an important supporter of Ukraine, shortly before the anniversary. The danger from Russian missile attacks continued into the night before Saturday. In the capital Kiev, air raid sirens were sounded for the fifth time on Friday evening. "An attack with drones is imminent," the military administration of the Kiev region reported. Combat drones of Iranian design were also spotted and shot down over the areas of Mykolajiw and Odessa in the south.
Deutsche Bahn: The Federal Government has chosen an advisor for the network company
Demands from the FDP and the Greens, among others, to split it off during the election campaign failed due to the coalition partner SPD. In the coalition agreement, a compromise was agreed on an infrastructure company, which should be oriented towards the common good in the future. This means that it does not need to generate and distribute profits.
Backlog of 80 billion euros
The two consulting firms are to help the government to monitor this process. The backlog of repairs to the rail network is a major reason why the railway is currently running very late. Transport Minister Wissing has made it his task to eliminate this shortcoming by completely renovating entire railway corridors. The investments required for this have been estimated at 50 billion euros so far. According to recent calculations by the railway, they are actually closer to 80 billion euros.
Biathlon World Cup in Oberhof 2023 - Gold for Denise Herrmann-Wick: "Can someone please pinch me?"
The external circumstances apparently did not speak in favor of Herrmann-Wick. She said after the race that she had slept poorly, was "totally excited", her pulse had not come down even when she entered the arena. "This race", and at the home world championships, "this cannot be described in words", she said. 11,000 spectators cheered to the thumping schlager music with German flags, coaches and team members fell into each other's arms.
"Enjoy biathlon", that was her goal
For Herrmann-Wick, the pressure had been particularly high. The 34-year-old had started the World Championships as the biggest, if not the only, German medal hope outside of the relay teams. Herrmann-Wick has won two World Cups this winter, the only German to do so. She is currently in fifth place in the overall World Cup. And even if the performance density among the women is significantly higher at the top than among the men, where Johannes Thingnes Bø and his Norwegians currently dominate, one would have expected different names on the list for this sprint victory.
Criticism of the government - Bishop in Nicaragua sentenced to 26 years in prison
The bishop is a prominent critic of the left-leaning head of state. He accuses Ortega of suppressing religious freedom. Relations between the Nicaraguan government and the Catholic Church have been severely strained since 2018. At that time, demonstrators who demanded Ortega's resignation took refuge in churches. More than 350 people died in the protests in 2018. Thousands of people left the Central American country in the following years, often out of fear of repression or arrest. President Ortega accuses the Catholic clergy of conspiring with the US government to overthrow him.
Bundeswehr: The arms industry demands more orders from the special fund
The first arms projects have therefore already been cancelled, and further projects are threatened with the same fate, as reported by the "Welt am Sonntag". Which investments would specifically be cut, however, cannot be said at the moment. "There is no need to assign specific procurement measures to a possible savings requirement at the current time," says a response from the Federal Government to a question from the Bundestag member Ingo Gädechens (CDU).
The reason for the declining investment sum is the rising interest rates. The special fund, which was fully financed by loans and which the Bundestag approved in June 2022, must bear the interest burden for the loans itself. If the interest rates rise, there is less money available for the specific acquisitions for the Bundeswehr. In addition, the current high inflation reduces the purchasing power of the remaining sum.
Kupferzell: Accident with 3 injured
In the night from Friday to Saturday (10.02.-11.02.), at around 01.40 hours, a 24-year-old BMW driver, coming from Kupferzell, wanted to drive onto the motorway from the Kupferzell motorway exit in the direction of Heilbronn. At this time, a 21-year-old VW driver was driving on the B 19 in the direction of Künzelsau, as the police reported. During the BMW driver's turning maneuver, a collision occurred between the two vehicles.
Both parties involved in the accident reported that the traffic light system installed at the accident site showed "green" for them. A check of the traffic light system revealed no issues. Further investigations are ongoing. The 24-year-old, the 21-year-old, and the passenger in the BMW were each slightly injured in the accident and had to be taken to a hospital. The two cars suffered a total of approximately 20,000 euros in damage.
Schlossplatz Stuttgarter commemorate the victims of the earthquake disaster
Many people in Stuttgart followed the call of the Ditib mosque community in Feuerbach on Friday evening
Tens of thousands of people have died in the earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria. There is a lot of sympathy - also in Stuttgart.
The earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria is preoccupying the world. On Friday evening, more than 200 people gathered on the Schlossplatz in Stuttgart to remember the victims and pray for them.
Many community members followed the call of the Ditib mosque community in Feuerbach, young and old, women and men. They all listened seriously and in silence to the imam's prayer. In the prayer, the imam asked Allah for help for the people in the affected areas, so that they could also overcome this disaster. He asked for health, protection from plagues and for respectful treatment of one another. The community also asked for assistance and strength, "to bring our help to the areas affected by the earthquake".
Ditib stands by the people in Turkey and Syria. The speakers expressed their sympathy for the victims and the relatives of the more than 22,000 victims at the time of the memorial event. The prayers were also translated into German on the castle square.
The solidarity of Muslims in Germany with the victims of the earthquake in the Turkish-Syrian border region is great. The German Islamic Association Turkish-Islamic Union (Ditib) has already collected several million euros in donations.
The Alevi community in Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt has collected donations of goods in Glockenstraße for several days, which are to be transported by truck to the earthquake areas. The willingness to help was also overwhelming there.
Hiking with meat filling - Ebersberg
"After eating, you should rest or take a thousand steps"... The older generation knows the saying, the younger generation simply puts it into practice. In any case, in the years of the pandemic, the good old digestive walk has experienced an unprecedented renaissance. Because who, thanks to home office, is not sitting in the middle of a desert of stone, but rather just a stone's throw away from fields, forests and meadows, now uses the lunch break either after the quick snack in front of the screen or instead for a walk in the fresh air. At least this impression could be gained around the Egglburger See, where between 12 and 14 o'clock not only dog owners are to be found.
One reason could of course be that people in modern times can combine the health-promoting supply of fresh air with other things as a result of optimal use of time slots. After all, why not find out about news from the settlement from the long-unseen neighbor on a short walk through nature? Or meet the friend with whom you never manage to get to the cinema, not even to the old cinema? In this way, work and private life can also be combined - who says that the appointment with the tax consultant, lawyer or investment advisor cannot take place outdoors? Provided there are no foreign ears nearby, of course.
What you can also do very well is to buy souvenirs. Fresh fruit, for example, which is on a table by the side of the road, along with cheese. Or potatoes and meat. The only downside is if you haven't already thought about buying them and made the appropriate arrangements. An elderly couple in Hinteregglburg leaves the farmer's wooden sales room empty-handed and with regret in their voices. "Too bad, we forgot the money."
The disappointment is understandable, as one has a companion with a wallet, but not a transport container. The sympathetic stranger is informed of this. The man replies: "That's not true! You do have a bag with you!" He points to the hood of the jacket, which one quickly put on before leaving the house, although the sunshine makes an additional head covering unnecessary. "My wife always puts everything in there!"
And so it happens that you start the return journey with a meat dish and on this midday excursion you have not only gained a lamb backbone, but also a very practical idea. It is quite possible that on this day a second walk will be necessary - after dinner. This time actually for digestion.
Trapped and seriously injured
At around 9 p.m., the 25-year-old was driving his Audi on the county road towards Hailfingen and, for as yet unknown reasons, veered off the road to the right in a left-hand bend, according to the police report. The Audi hit a traffic sign, collided with a tree and came to a stop a few meters away. The driver was trapped in his car as a result of the collision. The fire department freed him with heavy equipment. The ambulance service took the seriously injured man to a hospital. Since there was a suspicion of driving under the influence, a blood sample was taken. According to the police report, the Audi suffered total damage amounting to 1000 euros.
Donald Trump's tax returns: A point for the rule of law
The US Department of Justice has decided: The financial authority must hand over the former president's tax returns to the parliament.
Trump 2018, still in office as President of the United States
The Ministry of Finance must order the tax authority IRS to release the confidential documents to the Finance and Tax Committee, the ministry's decision said on Friday.
In contrast to political customs in the USA, the real estate entrepreneur Trump did not make his tax return public either as a candidate or later as president. He fought against its release all the way to the Supreme Court. A prosecutor's office in New York has now received the documents, but no details could be made public from them - unless a trial were to take place.
The release to Congress is probably more sensitive for Trump: There, the circle of those authorized to access the information is somewhat larger and, under certain conditions, certain details could be released during the course of the committee's investigation. In addition, confidential information is always leaking from the parliament.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, immediately welcomed the decision as a "victory for the rule of law". Access to the Republican's tax records is a matter of national security, she wrote on Twitter. "The American people deserve to know the facts about his conflicts of interest and his undermining of our security as president," Pelosi said.
Cabaret in the Bastion: Life plays between birth and death
Kirchheim. Pasta or pizza? Samsung or Apple? Which mobile phone contract among the many offers? Stay or quit? Either - or? As slaves of time, people today rush from one appointment to another and sometimes just push people and hamburgers in between. Lucy van Kuhl shows in her new program that the "in-between" state has something exciting.
In a humorous and thought-provoking way, Lucy van Kuhl tells and sings about situations from life. In her sensitive ballads and snappy cabaret songs, she gets to the point - and there is more between the lines. The show starts on Saturday, February 18, at 8:30 p.m. at the Kirchheim club Bastion.
British serious criminal caught after long flight in Thailand
London - After five years on the run, a convicted drug trafficker from Great Britain has been arrested in Thailand. The British National Crime Agency (NCA) announced on Saturday that the man was arrested on Friday by Thai police in a car workshop in Bangkok. The 55-year-old was on the "Most Wanted" list of the most wanted criminals sought by the NCA.
The leader of a criminal group fled in early 2018 before the start of a trial in which he was sentenced to 11 years in prison in absentia for attempting to import amphetamines worth eight million pounds (nine million euros).
Encounters at the church table
Bielefeld
What is served will remain a secret beforehand. Because people should primarily come to the Vesperkirche to meet others, not because something specific is on the menu. This Sunday it starts, then the Neustädter Marienkirche will be a dining hall for two weeks.
Cabaret - Stories from the Big Apple
Vince Ebert has a mission: The physicist from Lower Franconia, who has been living in Vienna for three years and, according to his own statements, loves Viennese humor, is breaking a lance for science in his cabaret programs. This is reflected in the programmatic title of his current solo "Make Science Great Again". Whether this fits in well with the generally prevailing skepticism about science at home is a moot point. His humor, however, fits very well in Vienna.
The English-language title is also derived from Ebert's recent life story, as he tried to establish himself as a stand-up comedian in New York in 2019. But now he is back and he is not only telling his German-speaking audience about his experiences abroad, but he is also explaining what Wissenaft actually is and what it can and cannot do. Of course, Corona comes up, but also German thoroughness in the toilet and American engineering skills.
And he breaks it down to the most important question that many people avoid: What is really important? All of this with a huge wink, unpretentious and very ironic. And so not only are you entertained, but you can also learn something.
Please go for typing... it doesn't take long, doesn't hurt and can save many people's lives.
My phone rings with an unknown number. I answer. This woman is the honest finder of her purse.
The Nordcon team continues: "In contrast to our old location, we now have very few stairs.
MdB Pfeiffer calls climate protection a substitute religion. May even be true, because I love this planet and its civilization more than any abstract god
Ten firefighters and two policemen were injured, some seriously, in the explosion.
I can dismiss everything as harmless eccentricity. You don't do that to children.
It's good that for decades the city politics have been highlighting the advantages and never questioning them.
Peace and security in the time of change? On Monday, May 15 at 6:00 p.m., the Solidarity Church, the Peace Plenum, and the Evangelical City Academy invite you to a lecture and discussion event at the Evangelical University on the topic of "Peace and security in the time of change?"
I really don't understand why they don't do these events on Sunday or in the city.
What is the #Railway actually doing to scare off customers and further ruin its image!?
Brilliant how well #LuisaNeubauer puts it. We need people like this. Thank you Luisa!
Microtransactions in Diablo IV: Blizzard reveals details and prices of monetization <URL> #DiabloIV #ActivisionBlizzard
After the political crisis and new elections in 2020, politicians of all colours are travelling to Germany together for the first time (!).
I'm looking forward to meeting you and getting to know you there ;-)
Party colleague Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is eleven, as is the Ministry of Education under Anja Karliczek, who is also a CDU minister.
So that's really nothing new, it's like that with every electronic ticket. Checkin/checkout is a different house number.
Certainly not a reason to do anything about tax evasion of 150 billion euros per year alone in Germany.
Is anyone playing #wortify and has found the word with all the letters today? If so, please let me know, that's driving me crazy right now.
I haven't written anything for a long time, the search for a suitable job has taken up all my resources for a long time.
Dunja #Hayali will moderate the #AktuelleSportstudio for the last time on Saturday: <URL>
If the city sets up these bike routes in the secondary network, he is also against it. Can the man ever make a decision?
Actually, I wanted to grab my camera and go for a walk. What's going on? It's raining.
After a serious accident or other traumatic event, people are often in shock. How can you help someone who is in shock?
Digital exclusion: a new form of discrimination - The whole document
Me: I always need a bottle of water by my bed. If there is more in the bottle, I usually don't drink any or at most two to three sips.
It is the third nationwide warning strike: 50 railway and transport companies want to strike again from Sunday to Tuesday next week.
I only get #sprachnachrichten from a very good friend. Then I make myself a coffee, light a cigarette and listen. Always very entertaining. He is the only one who is allowed to do that.
Tomorrow I can finally hand in my computer for repair and then the outlook is quite good that I can work again sometime in June. Hey, at least there is a perspective!
The plenary is called upon to follow the idea; this principle must also be anchored in the #CyberResilienceAct and the #ProductLiabilityDirective.
Single-use or reusable? The Environmental Aid Association recommends reusable, while Lidl uses a single-use system. However, other factors come into play, such as short transport routes.
The EPP Group in the EU Parliament wants to undermine the central components of the EU Commission's Green Deal, such as the pesticide regulation and the law on the restoration of nature.
Software problems: Polestar delays production start and cuts staff - <URL>
Tomorrow I have the day off again, because there is no trailer lettering and not so much urgent work to do.
I bought everything from System Matters, I just prefer PDFs. Currently, I am working on the Black Sword Hack.
Dear readers, dear followers, If yes, how much does it cost? Are there any special conditions? If not, is such a variant still planned? Thank you very much!
A new episode of Hasophony: "The Illusion of Justice. How we do ourselves and others an injustice."
And if you can't understand the panic of the people, you're not reading enough @IPCC_CH@twitter.com reports.
A microphone, energy-efficient and inspired by nature
A British research group is using 3D printing to develop biomimetic sound recording systems. The technology is based on the senses of the small wax moth.
This was preceded by fierce political disputes, including over Willy Brandt's (SPD) general East policy.
I'm not really an elephant fan myself, but maybe there are still a few fans here.
What I wanted to say. I am happy to answer any question if I can answer it.
10 years ago I read "Biohacking - Gentechnik aus der Garage". Cool and exciting book.
There are farmers in #Ukraine who own more Russian tanks.
It's a Thursday, but this time it's a regular #Jazz concert, taking place tonight at the #Jazzhaus #Heidelberg.
I want an orange network card! What color do you have or want?
The preventive examination as an essential measuring point of the elapsed time.
How detached and contemptuous can one actually be? If you have a heart attack at the end of the month, please stay at home until the account is covered or the family doctor is available? I am already looking forward to the debate on this motion! Health Minister Lauterbach, on the other hand, is not.
Several firefighters and police officers were seriously injured in an explosion in #Ratingen. According to the @rponline-Ticker & NRW-IM Reul, there are vague indications that the man was close to Corona deniers in his thoughts. He was wanted on an arrest warrant.
Specifically from a star: the sun, its protuberances, but above all from how much of the energy that comes to us from it we let in and get rid of, and at what level.
All jokes are made
And we laughed a lot. The sound fades away
On the way home. The applause sounds foreign. Who was actually applauded? Or was it pleasant for us
To see only the others in what is said? To see ourselves in them...
hmmm, before touching cyclists, one must call "En garde" loud and clear.
Hello Julia, I hope you enjoyed your funeral and the burial of your urn.
"A brief history of religion from anthropogenic climate change: From the myth of eternal carbon dioxide or how elegant theses become gospels when they threaten to fail in earthly practice."
The further expansion of the federal police into an instrument of repressive isolationist policies is not made any better by a few control slips. But also for the first time, #labeling obligation and control slips against #racial profiling.
Sovereign Storm of Grailknights live on stage at Colos-Saal Aschaffenburg, 1 April 2023.
New legal opinion sees chat control as incompatible with EU fundamental values. Despite this, the Commission continues.
... and one more update, I found the email locally on a notebook. The house loses nothing! I can always rely on my digital messitum.
If you have enough money, you can also demand it. The economy will be happy.
Healthy materials were used in the construction, and resource-saving construction was taken into account.
So, according to the current planning, I will be driving electrically, possibly, from September onwards. We'll see how many times the construction deadline will be postponed until then....
Human rights organizations are now sounding the alarm: freedom of choice is in danger.
Moitzfeld: Discussion about a new kindergarten <URL> #radioberg #bergischesland #nachrichten #lokalnachrichten #nrw #oberberg #rheinberg #news
The Federal Public Prosecutor's Office refuses to investigate.
Grandpa, bury, principle, what you need, you take out of the earth, what you want to get rid of, you put into the earth.
But even on the Feldberg, with just under two degrees, it's not enough for "ice". Let's see how it is on Sunday at Schluchsee.
Are there any people from Generation Z here in the #Fediverse or on the instance NRW.social?
Understandable, such a spectacle of goals has not been seen here for a long time!
I spoke to people a few days ago who criticized exactly this in "politics".
Where do you want me to work so that you don't go bankrupt? What do you pay? Can I chill at home? And I want a 4-day week.
Train strike: Will I still get to my destination after 10 p.m. on Sunday? - Deutsche Bahn assumes that train traffic will run until the start of the warning strike on Sunday. But what if travelers are not yet at their destination?
Hacking & Pentest Hardware Presentation at the Police
I was invited to present the most important tools to the aspiring police officers.
Great book: the maid. By Nita Prose. Crime novel with interesting protagonists and an unexpected perspective. Exciting until the end.
NBA: Stephen Curry with 27 points, Warriors beat Lakers - Highlights, Boxscore, Statistics: <URL> #basketball #nba
At Hertha, it is still uncertain, a victory against the last-place team from Berlin is in the air.
Now I have to get rid of a nice story for a while.
I absolutely did not expect to receive a paper train ticket by post.
The number of sick leave days taken by caregivers has risen sharply from 2021 to 2022. How is this possible? According to data from Techniker Krankenkasse (TK), which are available to the Evangelical Press Service, sick leave days increased by 40 percent compared to 2021.
"The extent of the workload, particularly in nursing, is also shown by a report from the German Trade Union Confederation (DGB).
Transgender: Identifies with a gender other than the one assigned at birth.
The 2020 US Election: still "stolen". His interviewer: "nasty". A day after his conviction for sexual abuse, Donald Trump appears on CNN to answer questions from a moderator and the audience.
Budget policy: Tax revenues lower than expected
This will make the budget negotiations more difficult.
Maybe the search engine and Google Assistant will finally understand that they don't need to show anything about cooking with meat.
A #PopClip extension that allows you to color mark text in #Obsidian ... <URL>
#FAV2023 After a #Coaching session and the lunch break, the #Digital ambassadors continue
"#Batteries from scrapped #ElectricCars are often not yet exhausted. In a #PilotProject, they are used to store #RenewableEnergy and to compensate for #NetworkFluctuations."
#Democracy has so far also generated broad prosperity. We will see what a democracy is worth if it no longer means prosperity.
Arrived at the #Amtrak Station Providence, Rhode Island.
This artwork can be rebuilt to get rid of this straight line of concrete slabs.
Google's pretty thickly applied AI power demonstration <URL>
The entrance to our hotel in Argenton-sur-Creuse - makes you want to explore the world behind it.
I am at a loss. And I notice how more and more the fear rises that I have something terrible boiling inside me that is not being addressed.
I still have about 200 unprocessed train tickets from the last #warningstrike.
Fairbuds XL: This is what sustainability sounds like
They are easy to repair.
Pakistan: Supreme Court orders release of Imran Khan
The lawyer of Pakistan's former prime minister has succeeded in his complaint: Imran Khan should be released. Thousands had protested after his arrest.
The closure of the line between Herchen and Eitorf has been lifted. The unauthorized persons on the line between Herchen and Eitorf have been apprehended.
1. General
The one-man entertainment device BATTLEZONE is equipped with a Vector or X/Y monitor. This game illustrates the fighting from the perspective of a tank driver. The battles take place in a wide valley, which is completely enclosed by mountains and volcanoes. In the valley there are rock pyramids and rock blocks, which offer the player temporary protection, as they cannot be destroyed by enemy fire.
The opponent is represented by slow-moving tracked vehicles and fast super tanks, as well as agile missiles that are increasingly difficult to hit during the extended gameplay. In addition, UFOs appear at periodic intervals. These cannot attack the player's tank. Conversely, the player can achieve a high score by being hit by a UFO. The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) different modes of operation. These are the attraction mode, the game introduction mode, the game mode, the initial input for maximum results, and the self-test mode. The latter mode represents a special mode for checking the control elements and the computer function.
4. Gameplay
The game is triggered when the start switch is pressed. The LED switch remains lit and the game sounds can be heard. If the last player's tank is eliminated by the enemy attacker, the game is over. The game begins with tanks moving slowly, which appear on the screen. The position of the respective enemy tanks or missiles can be determined by the player by paying attention to the displayed text in the upper left corner of the cockpit. An example of a hint could be: ENEMY FROM THE RIGHT. In addition, a point is visible on the wide-range radar screen, accompanied by a sonar BLIP tone, which represents the enemy position.
The upper, conical area on the radar screen represents the player's field of vision on the screen below. If the opponent is in this area, he can be easily targeted on the screen. Furthermore, the message OPPONENT IN FIRE AREA is displayed in the upper left-hand display at the same time.
Temporarily, UFOs appear on the screen, flying over the battlefield. These are harmless missiles that observe the battle and cannot eliminate either the opponent or the player's tank. The flight position of the UFOs cannot be detected by the radar. The UFOs are intended to round out the battle and distract the player, as they usually appear at the same time as enemy tanks or missiles. UFOs can be eliminated by both the player's tank and the opponent's tank. A hit by the player earns 5,000 points. If the opponent is hit, the following points are achieved: 1,000 points for a slow-moving tank, 2,000 points for a missile, and 3,000 points for a super tank. A super tank moves and turns twice as fast as the player's tank or a slow-moving opponent's tank. Several options give the player the opportunity to use 2, 3, 4, or even 5 tanks in the game. In addition, after reaching predetermined point numbers, a bonus tank can be released and the appearance of the missile can be varied for a more difficult game setup. Details and the exact switch positions for this setting option can be found in the illustration.
5. Initial input at the highest results
If a player exceeds the minimum point score in the High Score Table, he or she can enter three (3) personal initials into the table after the game is over. The instructions for this are self-explanatory and can be displayed in four languages. It should be noted that when a self-test is triggered, the RESET button is pressed on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PCB or the power supply is interrupted, the High Score Table is erased. When erased (RESET), the ten (10) highest point scores with their initials are retained and re-entered on the screen to challenge other players. Any point score over 100,000 is additionally marked with a tank symbol, followed by the player's initials. If a player does not enter their initials within 60 seconds, the computer will automatically enter dashes. After this, the device will switch back to the attract mode.
1. New parts
The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) new components. If you already have experience with ATARI video devices, you should be aware of these important differences. The new parts are: A. The control lever. This is a redesign of the ATARI switch lever. It has been reinforced with several additional ribs in the inner and outer housing parts, which has made this unit more stable and ensures proper functioning of the switch contacts. Another modification is the centering bellows made of rubber, which, like a centering spring, always brings the control lever back to the center position. The micro switches are now attached with self-locking nuts for easier replacement. B. Two PC boards. ATARI'S X/Y game circuit was expanded to two (2) boards connected to each other. These are the analog vector generator board and the auxiliary board. With the help of this switching technique, more lines are generated on the screen at a higher speed, resulting in a uniform and smooth image. C. The power supply. Battlezone is equipped with a newly designed power supply. It has a larger, more powerful transformer to cover the increased energy supply given by the expansion of the circuit. D. The device housing. Due to the new design, it was now possible to install a new cash box with a larger coin acceptance capacity. Furthermore, the device contains a console that is intended as a podium for smaller players to make playing easier. At the same time, this console ensures maximum device stability at the installation location.
These new components, as well as all other main components of this device, are shown in Figure 1. If any of these new parts are mentioned in the manual, you will find this symbol. 2. Device inspection
After removing the packaging, this new entertainment device is ready to play. However, you should still perform a certain check to complete the quality control. To ensure that the device was delivered to you in a proper condition, the following checks should be performed: NOTE: Do not connect the device to the 220 V network yet. A. Examine the outside of the housing for any damage. B. Open the maintenance flap of the device and check the components inside the device as follows: (1) Check all cable harness connectors for a correct and secure connection. If any connectors are open or loose, connect them together.
NOTE: Never force the plug connections. The plugs are provided with a positive guide, so that a correct connection is made. A plug connection rotated by 180 degrees destroys the PCB.
(2) Check the plug connections to the game PC board for a proper and secure fit. (3) Check the production number of the device on the type plate on the back of the device. Check whether the stamped production number matches that of the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PC board, the auxiliary PC board, the controller/audio II PC board, and the TV monitor. An image of the location of the production number is on the back of this manual. This number should always be provided when calling your service technician for further service information. (4) Check all other main components such as the power supply, the control console, and the TV monitor for proper installation. (5) The device must be supplied with mains voltage and switched on. Check whether the radar screen is also located in the bright, orange-circled opening of the cover. If the opening is not centered precisely, the cover, which is attached to the housing with adhesive tape, must be removed and repositioned. Before connecting the device to the mains supply, it must be ensured that the voltage selector plug on the power supply unit 1 (see Fig. 3) matches the local mains voltage. Check the color of the cable at the plug and check the connection values as listed below:
If you are having problems with your software, the following tips may help you solve most problems related to current DirectX games.
Please take the time to check if your system meets the requirements listed on the package. The DirectX Diagnostic Tool can give you an overview of your system if you are not sure if your PC meets the requirements. To run the DirectX Diagnostic Tool, please follow these steps: Click on the "Start" button and select the "Run" option. Enter "dxdiag" in the text field. The DirectX Diagnostic Tool user interface will now be displayed. Here you have access to all relevant system details, including information about the graphics and sound card. You can check if graphics and sound are working correctly by clicking on the corresponding buttons to test DirectDraw, Direct3D, and DirectSound. Note: If you do not have advanced computer knowledge, we would advise against changing any of the options in the DirectX Diagnostic Tool.
It can happen that other programs take up system resources that the game needs to run smoothly. Not all of these programs are obviously active, and many start automatically when the system is booted. Such programs that are constantly active on your system are also called "background applications". In some cases, they can be the cause of your program hanging or crashing. Therefore, we recommend that you end such background applications before you start the game. - If antivirus or crash guard programs are running on your system, you should close or disable them before you start the game. Look for the program's icon in the Windows taskbar. Right-click the icon and select the appropriate option ("Disable", "Close", or similar). - Once you have deactivated the antivirus and crash guard programs, you should also end general background applications, as these can sometimes cause problems when you install or run a PC game. You can read more about this in the section "How to end all unnecessary background applications".
Before installing software, it is important to ensure that your hard drive is functioning optimally. Therefore, it is a good habit to regularly “clean up” your PC. The tools you need for this are included with Windows: Use ScanDisk, Defragmentation, and Disk Cleanup to ensure everything runs smoothly. Then, there is a good chance that current games will run largely without problems on your PC. A “clean” system also has the advantage of working much more efficiently, and thus other applications you use will run faster and more stable. Consult the Windows Help files to learn about the ScanDisk and Check Disk, Defragmentation, and Disk Cleanup tools.
1. Click the "Start" button and select the "Help" (or "Help and Support") option to access the Windows Help. 2. Now click in the search field and enter the corresponding keyword, such as "ScanDisk" (Win 98/ME), "Error Checking" (Win 2000/XP), "Defragmentation" and "Disk Cleanup". You will then receive instructions that explain how to use these tools.
The game crashes or hangs?
When playing games that use the latest version of DirectX, you should make sure you have the latest drivers for your graphics card. This can often prevent a game from crashing or hanging. - First, you should try downloading the latest drivers from the website of the graphics card manufacturer. The following are the latest graphics card manufacturers:
How to end all unnecessary background applications
Important note: After the game is finished, you should reactivate the background applications by restarting your PC. This will automatically reactivate all the background applications that you have ended. Windows 98/ME
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. Now the “Close application” window will appear, listing all the background applications currently running on your system. 2. To end a background application, click on the entry in the task list and then click the “End task” button. Note: Do not end the Explorer and Systray background applications, as they are needed for Windows to run. You can safely end all other background applications. 3. The window will now close and the task is ended. Repeat the above steps to end all other background applications (except Explorer and Systray). Windows 2000/XP Professional
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The Windows Security window will now appear. 2. Click on “Task Manager” to open the Windows Task Manager. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click on the “End Task” button. Note: Depending on your system settings, it may happen that when you press STRG, ALT and ENTF, the Windows Security window does not appear, but the Windows Task Manager appears immediately. Windows XP Home
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The Windows Task Manager will now appear. 2. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click the “End Task” button.
If you want to call, you should sit at your PC and have the following information ready (see section "Checking the system configuration"). Please also prepare note material. - PC brand and model - Processor type - Operating system including version number (e.g. Windows® 98;Windows® Me) - RAM (working memory) - Information about graphics and sound card and drivers
INTRODUCTION TO SPEED
The desire to develop video games was sparked in me by the advent of 3D real-time technology, which suddenly opened up a multitude of new possibilities and appeared to me as a new means of expression, with which one could push the world to its limits. It represented an opportunity to explore new horizons. I felt like a cinematic pioneer at the beginning of the 20th century: On the one hand, I struggled with the still immature technology, but on the other hand, I was aware that there was still so much to discover - especially a new language that was both narrative and visual. To be quite honest, the next ten years could not satisfy my hunger. I had the dull feeling that video games only exploited a tiny part of their amazing creative possibilities, because they were too focused on "action" and forgot about a fundamental element of the human experience: emotions. Meanwhile, technology continued to make rapid progress. Fahrenheit represents my contribution to making video games a true, emotionally communicative means of expression. Although this could have been done in a completely different form, Fahrenheit's greatest merit is the fact that it raises real questions and offers concrete answers. Fahrenheit is proof that you can create an interactive gaming experience that is not just based on fighting monsters in dark corridors and collecting ammunition, but also has more demanding and in-depth content. It is proof that you can tell a story and offer game content without having to sacrifice the narrative or interactive elements. I hope that both hardcore gamers and casual players will enjoy this new gaming experience. If you are skeptical about video games, I hope that Fahrenheit will help change your attitude towards them. I hope that other developers will feel the desire to follow this new creative path and enrich it with their own inspiration, talent, and ambition. Interactivity is still in its infancy and offers the chance to discover everything. Over the past two years, Fahrenheit has filled a large part of our lives and has been an unforgettable interpersonal and intellectual adventure for the entire Quantic Dream team, in which we were constantly forced to question many of the previously unshakable principles. I would be happy if Fahrenheit - just like books, films, and songs that have left a lasting impression on you - also leaves a lasting impression on you.
THE README FILE
The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM contains a ReadMe file, which can be used to view the license agreement and updated information about the game. We recommend that you view this file so that you can be aware of any changes that have been made since this manual was printed. To view the file, double-click on it in the Fahrenheit directory on your hard drive (usually C:\Programs\Atari\Fahrenheit). You can also access the ReadMe file by first clicking on the Start button on the Windows® taskbar and then selecting “Programs”, “Atari”, “Fahrenheit”, and finally the ReadMe file.
SETUP AND INSTALLATION
1. Start Windows® 2000/XP. 2. Insert the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM into the DVD-ROM drive. 3. If the "AutoPlay" option is enabled, the title screen should appear. If "AutoPlay" is not enabled or the installation does not start automatically, click the Start button on the Windows® taskbar and then click "Run". Enter D:\Setup, and then click "OK". Note: If your DVD-ROM drive is assigned a letter other than "D", use that letter instead. 4. Follow the instructions on the screen to complete the installation of the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM. 5. Once the installation is complete, click the Start button on the Windows® taskbar and select Programs/Atari/Fahrenheit/Fahrenheit to start the game. Note: The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM must be in the DVD-ROM drive for you to play the game.
This SERVICE MANUAL is intended to familiarize you with the installation and maintenance of the QIX TV entertainment machine. The front pages describe the gameplay, in addition to important instructions for installation and maintenance. The following service tips assume general knowledge of microprocessors, TTL circuits, and TV monitors. No repair of the electronic device should be attempted without knowledge in these areas. The electrical diagrams conclude the manual. We ask that you carefully follow the instructions in this manual to ensure satisfactory operation of the machine.
The information and illustrations contained in this SERVICE MANUAL correspond to the state at the time of printing. CHANGES IN THE SENSE OF TECHNICAL ADVANCEMENT RESERVED, BUT NO WARRANTY! Please observe when setting up
Transport damage
If external transport damage is visible, it must be immediately reported, noted on a transport document and confirmed by the consignor (courier, Deutsche Bahn, etc.). The manufacturer is not liable for transport damage!
The device is set up for the mains voltage indicated on the type plate. For other mains voltages, the device transformer and the monitor transformer must be switched. According to VDE regulations, the device is provided with a grounding connection and is intended only for dry rooms. The proper operation of the coin dispenser requires the device to be set up with the scales and the weight correctly. SERVICE TIPS
IMPORTANT! If at any time an incomprehensible display appears on the monitor, please turn off the automatic mode (pull out the power cord) and turn it back on. If the device does not work properly after this, it needs to be repaired.
Before repair, pull out the power plug! When monitoring and testing: Do not touch the voltage-carrying parts! Even when the device is turned off, the monitor can still carry dangerous voltage. CAUTION, HIGH VOLTAGE! There are about 20,000 volts at the anode connection of the picture tube. Replace fuses only with those of the same value! A blown fuse indicates overloading of a component. If the fuse is replaced with a higher-value fuse, serious damage can be caused. Replace components only with original spare parts. Never remove printed circuits/connections when the device is turned on. SERVICE MANUAL QIX
Gameplay
The game is started for one or (with a minimum credit of 2) for 2 players by pressing the corresponding start button. The aim is to get as much area as possible without crossing the path of the rotating QIX and without hitting the wandering SPARX. The game is set up so that a minimum area must be occupied before the next area (round) can be attacked. The SPARX are shown on the upper edge of the screen by red timing lines. When the red lines meet, additional SPARX are released. When the alarm goes off, the SPARX become SUPER-SPARX and more aggressive. If, while trying to draw your territory, your marking symbol gets into the death spiral, it is destroyed, because you cannot cross your own path or go back. If you hesitate and do not complete your area, a fuse is lit and your marking symbol is destroyed. Two speed settings are available. At a slower drawing speed, the points are doubled. After opening the control panel, the 4 programming and test switches are accessible.
The QIX game is capable of self-testing, it provides data and demonstrates that circuits and controls work flawlessly. For more information, see "Service Program". The volume can be adjusted on the volume control (VOLUME) on the Data/Sound PC-Board.
Programming and Test Switch: SUB-TEST
Function: Continue to the next inscription
Programming and Test Switch: TEST
Function: Continue to the next program step (display)
Programming and Test Switch: Up
Function: reset to factory settings (until the word "green"), count up by 1 step (when the word "green" lights up) Programming and test switch: Down
Function: Countdown by 1 step
It is possible to install a coin counter in the device. A line to the 412 V DC supply. A line to the J 15 - 13 connector on the ROM/IC board.
SERVICE PROGRAM
In general, the 4 switches located in the device, the self-test button, and the LEDs on the video PC board are used for programming and testing.
Programming display. This display is used to select the language (English, French, Spanish, German) with which the address programming and the game work. The "Sub-Test" switch can be used to set the languages. If the desired language appears (green), press the "Test" switch to switch to the next program display. Use-programming display. This display can be used to determine the difficulty factor for the game. It can also be used to set a "maximum number of credits" that can be used before the game begins. The text to be changed is set by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch (appears green), the desired value for this line is programmed with the "Up" or "Down" switch. By pressing the "Sub-Test" switch several times, the factory or default setting can be reached, if the bottom line (RESET line) appears green, press the "Up" switch. The values are reset, the pointer (so called green lines) jumps to the first line, further programming can take place. "Test" always triggers the next program display. "Back" [Reserve High Score Value x 10 000) is used to transfer the high score points to the next program display until "High Score Rate so far". This value determines the required number of points/hits that a player needs so that his own initials (names) and the hit points can be entered on the screen. The "Maximum Number of Credits" determines a coin acceptance limit for the device. If the limit is exceeded, if a coin lock is present, coin acceptance is blocked. This can limit the number of games a player can play. This value is from 1 - 99. It should not be set so close to 99 that, when adding 99, the credits cannot be reduced to zero. A free play mode can be selected by setting "Maximum Number of Credits" to O. Further programming: "Number of Games": Number of marking symbols per credit
"Threshold": the height of the % number that must be reached to switch to the next round
"Time limit": approval for additional Sparx
"Difficulty": Difficulty level of the gameplay
"Anziehton": no sound at "0" in standby mode
with "1" tone also in the standby mode (animated tone) "table model": with "0" standby device
at "1" table device
The credits per coin are set on the "insert slot programming" display. High score program display (highest score so far). The points and initials of the player appear, including the next 10 point numbers. The values are used to set the high score, which was selected on the previous display (set to "back"). By pressing the "up" button, the initials QIX Standard are set. By pressing the "test" button, the next program display appears. The "total evaluation". By pressing the "up" button, it can be set to 0. The following values are recorded: Total credit: The number of paid credits. The total number cannot be set to 0. If 1,000,000 is reached, counting starts from the beginning. The total number can only appear to be 0 if the battery or the W1 connector is removed, with the device turned off. Left-side coins: The number of coins inserted in the left coin insert slot. Middle coins: (not available) Right-side coins: The number of coins inserted in the right coin insert slot. Paid credits: The number of credits paid for inserted (reversed) coins. Granted credits: The number of credits granted by the device. % Free spins: Granted credits (paid + granted credits per 100) Played minutes: The number of minutes played. Won minutes: The number of minutes extended or won. % Free time: Won minutes/played minutes per 100. Average game duration in seconds: Played minutes/paid + granted credits.
High Score (Hit Rate): The number of times a player has had a high enough hit rate to displace other players from the high score list. The values are reset to 0 by pressing the "Up" button. Pressing the "Test" button will display the next program display.
Insertion slot programming/normal coin setting. With the help of this display, the operator can select a standard coin setting or program another setting
If a default setting is provided, the programming is selected by pressing the "Up" and "Down" buttons, while the top digit lights up green on the screen. The size values change with the change in the digit. When the correct setting is reached by pressing the "Test" button, the setting is adopted. If a setting is desired that does not correspond to the default setting, the values can be set by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. After a single press, the top setting number is set to 0, which means that a custom setting is possible. Since the lower values are unchanged, the programmer can reduce his setting efforts by selecting a setting that is close to his desired values and only changing the values that are not appropriate. Once the setting is made, any new setting can be selected by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. If unwanted pressing occurs, the default setting appears. The "Up" and "Down" buttons can be used to increase or decrease the values. Pressing the "Test" button ends the process. The coin multiplier ("coin unit") indicates how many coin units are given for each coin inserted through an assigned slot. Coin units - "credit" shows the number of units required before a credit is issued. "Bonus" coin units shows the units required before a bonus credit is issued. "Min.-Münze" is a value that accumulates credits until a set minimum amount of coins is reached. In the default setting, this value is not used. CMOS MEMORY (memory) FAILURE
If "Memory Failure - Service Required" appears on the display, the CMOS RAM, where all programming is stored, has failed. All values stored in the RAM will be reset to the factory default settings. This condition is likely to indicate a failure or malfunction of the battery.
ERRORS and SETTINGS
Start of the testing method. Press the "Sub-Test" switch or the "Self-Test" button (SW 1 near the LED display). All LEDs should light up and the hardware test can begin. The tests and settings can be entered on the respective program display, pressing the "Test" button will display the next program. If a continuous test of the video board is desired, the Self-Test button must be pressed twice so that the video test begins in the Auto-Test mode. In this program, the device will perform the hardware test continuously until it is turned off. When the display "Open Coin Door to Test" appears, the program plug J 19, 1 - 2 must be inserted. When the J 19 plug is pulled, the memory (memory) is protected and the CMOS RAM video test cannot be performed. Hardware tests: These tests are performed as follows: O = off / I = on / X = test results
The ROM checksum calculates the checksum of each video ROM and compares it with the checksum stored for this ROM. If there is a difference, the device stops and the value of the ROM with the incorrect checksum appears on the LEDs. If the checksum ROM is faulty, U 10 is displayed first. If this test fails, the next ROM displayed on the LED display must be replaced. The E-PROM memory in a given game can be introduced as a bank (series) of either 2716 or 2732 E-PROMs. The E-PROM type for each series is selected by the decoding plug (26-00002-016 for 2716 or 26-00002-032 for 2732). Communications RAM from the video board
The Communications RAM test determines the functional reliability of the memory, which is shared by two processors, by storing predetermined series of numbers in the RAM and then checking whether the storage was correct. LED value: 00 0010 If the Gerät with the above display holds, a fault has been detected. If the Communications RAMs fail during the video board test, the fault may be due to a faulty wiring (RAM) or faults in the data board. To localize the fault, remove the data board from P 6 and repeat the test. A failure means: faults in U 3, U 4 or associated power circuits.
Video Board CMOS RAM
After values have been written to another part of the memory, the CMOS RAM is tested in the same way as the Communications RAM. If the test is passed, all memory locations are set to their previous value. LED value: 00 0011 If the device is holding the above display, a fault is present. In this case, check U 85 and U 86 and the associated circuits or decoding.
Check the video board color RAM by storing predetermined number sequences in the color RAM. These number sequences will be checked for correctness when read back. LED value: 00 0100 If this value is displayed, a fault is present. Check U 56, U 57, and the multiplexers and decoders connected to them.
Video board (display RAM). The display RAM is checked by writing a pattern on each side. The results of these writes are compared to the original pattern. Any discrepancies cause the program to halt and the LEDs indicate the faulty RAM. If a display RAM fails, identify the problem and replace the RAM. If this fault diagnosis does not indicate a RAM failure (00 0101 on LEDs), it indicates that the next test is being started (data hardware). The connection to the data processor must be present and it must be functional.
Unfortunately disappointed
The jacket arrived after 2 days with AMAZON logistics. That is also the reason for star No. 1. The second reason is that the right jacket arrived without visible seam defects. BUT I was probably too excited about this jacket, because the disappointment was all the greater. I had oriented myself on the other reviews and ordered the jacket in L. Since it is supposed to fit so tightly and I didn't want to fight with an S or M in my upper body... In the end, it would have fit in terms of length and at the waist... the rest I could swim in. In addition, the lining material was already visible when the package was opened and spread out everywhere. Just a shame... It will be sent back: /
Fast delivery and good processing
The jacket looks great. We were surprised by the good workmanship. You can wear it well from both sides. We ordered it for our daughter, she is totally thrilled. She usually wears the 158 and the 36 fits her very well in this case and will probably be worn next year too. We can recommend an order.
Robust quality
I chose the rubber pad c because I always work with wood on the jack and that is not optimal. Unfortunately, I misjudged and the pad does not fit quite right. But that is my mistake. I then made a slight change so that it fits. The pad seems very robust and you no longer damage the edges. You can use the groove or the entire surface. It worked without any problems. It does not slip anymore. I would buy it again immediately.
Unfortunately too big for under 1 year
The product itself is quite okay, but not under a year. The area for chewing is just too big for the little mouth. We got it when our son was 7 months old and he couldn't use it because of its size. Now at 12 months old, we have looked for it again and he can use it. He hasn't been able to bite anything with his few existing teeth. And when it was in the fridge, it calmed him down a lot.
Quality is not sufficient / Unfortunately, it is going back
I was blinded by the sometimes glowing reviews. I would like to say that I already have two Lowepro backpacks in use. One is very large (for storing equipment) and one is quite small for the most important, everyday things that you might want to take with you. Because I just bought the Sigma 70-200 2.8, the small Lowepro has now become too small for me and I need a replacement. I bought this backpack for a really affordable price (just under 29 EUR) during Prime Day and was actually very happy about this purchase, having read many of the reviews beforehand. When the backpack arrived yesterday, however, the disappointment set in: The backpack is not bad for under 30 EUR, that cannot be said. But that it can keep up with the well-known products, which are sold at much higher prices ... People, that is simply not true! I had really hoped that it was like that, but that is definitely not the case. The padded walls are much thinner and do not offer the same protection as my Lowepro. The dividers inside are of a different caliber, much more flimsy. Overall, the haptics of this backpack cannot be compared to my Lowepro. The zippers and the materials of the compartments for small items are also not of high quality. Therefore, I have decided that the backpack must go back. If I am buying equipment worth many thousands of EUR, then I must also invest in a decent backpack. Quality does indeed have its price. For someone who does not want to spend a lot of money, the backpack is definitely a good choice, but not for me. And it is not that I found the decision difficult. As soon as I opened the backpack, I knew after 2 minutes that it had to go back. What I did like was the color inside. Here, you will definitely find your things much faster than with a gray interior. For someone who has different requirements for a backpack, the backpack is definitely a great thing, but mine is going back.
Unfortunately disappointed by the third part
So far, I had liked the E. L. Todd electrical series the best, but my opinion was revised with this book. I found the first two books very strong and recommendable and was really looking forward to the third part. In this part, it is all about Volt and Taylor's feelings and I found it unnecessary to drag it on. Taylor has been swooning over Volt for so long, finally admits everything and then fights like a little child and runs away?! At the same time, there were also inconsistencies, in my opinion, because at the end of the second part, Volt still tried to convince Taylor's ex and didn't believe him when he said that Taylor would stand by him and tried to convince the ex that Taylor couldn't do without him and he had heard it himself. But at the beginning of the third part, it seems that Volt has forgotten everything and is fighting for Taylor. I had hoped that this would be the last part of the series and think that this part is the weakest and also quite unnecessary. I will still read the fourth part and hope that it will finally be revealed that Taylor's girlfriend Sarah is Volt's ex. This would bring more tension into the story.
People destroy everything, they do not know how to appreciate anything and do not learn! First of all: Sooo bad is the film now not, as many write. Of course, the story is totally constructed, and always conceived according to the same pattern F. If you have seen the beginning, you know how the end is. And the message is always the same: People destroy everything, they do not know how to appreciate anything, and they do not learn! And that is exactly what the film wants to tell us! How often have I thought about the film (and that's even though I know it's just a film, and the animals come from the computer) : Oh my God, the poor animals, that often makes me cry. Therefore, Jurassic World The Fallen Kingdom is really well done. It's just a shame that people do not understand the message behind the film, and that, even though it is a mainstream film. We consistently destroy the environment and the animals, and ultimately our planet and ourselves. Out of greed and stupidity and arrogance! Empathy for the environment and living beings: none. 4 stars, because the film is well made, but unfortunately always according to the same principle, otherwise 5 stars would have been in. Nevertheless, well made popcorn cinema.
A quiet, sensitive film
Some people are expecting an 8 Mile-style film here. This film is not a Hollywood blockbuster and does not want to be one. This film is above all "French" - it is also quiet, sensitive, empathetic, authentic and makes you cry - if you let yourself be drawn into it and do not expect anything from it that it does not want to be.
Problematic
Taste like Quench from the 90s, about orange, but that doesn't matter. 5 days every morning a pack: nothing has moved, but nothing at all. My waist has grown by 12 cm! Bloating like never before! After that, diarrhea 5-8 times a day. Not very helpful, unfortunately, despite immediate discontinuation, the diarrhea has been going on for 1 week. It should be noted that with the smaller pack size, only 2 stars were given (unfortunately only noticed too late), with the larger one, full 5 stars. That is very very strange!
Terrible smell and poor results! I dyed my blonde hair in October with an intense tint to a chocolate brown, and in February/March I used this hair color remover. I used the product twice. The first time I noticed right away that it stinks terribly! However, there was still not a very bad result, it came out as a sort of chestnut brown (a bit darker). Since I had not achieved my desired result, I used it, as in the instructions, one more time. This time it was pure time wasted! It made no difference, my hair looked the same as the first time. What was even worse, it still smelled weeks after using it. No matter how many times I washed my hair, the smell just wouldn't go away.
Highly recommended
I have been taking the tablets for a long time now and always take one every 5 days. My vitamin balance has been in the basement for a long time due to my work, too little exercise and a longer additional illness. I wanted to help my immune system not only through healthy nutrition but also through the intake of vitamin D3 and K2. This works very well. I feel fitter and much better. I sleep better and wake up better. The price is also great because you have to consider how long you can take the tablets. Absolutely recommended.
The function is not entirely flawless!!! After using the battery case for 3 months, I have discovered the following major defects which I find very annoying: 1) The case has problems connecting to the phone over time. This means that it no longer charges even though the "Power On/Off" button is pressed for 3 seconds. When you remove the phone from the case and reinstall it, the problem is solved in 70% of cases, but this creates a new defect. 2) Frequent removal and reinstallation of the phone in the case has caused the cover to wear out so much that it comes off the case on its own, which is why I have almost lost it several times. These are not many major defects, but I find that a case with a battery should function flawlessly in its function, and therefore I am very disappointed with the product, especially because I have only been using it for 3 months.
Too expensive, too thin and disappointing
I don't know how these good reviews came about. In the end, it's actually a glasses cleaning cloth that you get as a gift from any optician in a slightly smaller form. The cleaning effect is as good as a kitchen towel and not better. I expected a lot more from these cloths. It is also very very thin. Since I have used it, I can't exchange it anymore. I am disappointed and can't recommend it from my side. The price for these cloths is far too high. More than 2 euros should not be given.
I doubt the frequency response
I bought this speaker for the shower when my smaller free speaker, which I received as a promotional gift, unfortunately broke. The Onforu basically works great, is waterproof (I fell into the shower with it), gives bass like bass, Bluetooth works great... The suction cup must of course be moistened, otherwise it will dissolve... it can reproduce sound very loudly... yes... what I see critically is the frequency response of this small speaker. As I said, bass is reproduced as bass and not converted into a higher frequency. However, this causes a problem. Some frequencies are reproduced very loudly, while others remain very quiet. While some frequencies of the singing are almost painful to the ears, higher and lower frequencies are just good enough to be heard. My old speaker did not reproduce bass very well, but the frequencies were represented in the volume quite naturally. Unfortunately, this is not really the case with the Onforu, which I find a bit annoying. Therefore, I have to take off a star. I expected more from the frequency response.
very bad
In a few places the paint was flaking off and if you just walked over it with your hand, the paint would come off in some places too. We wanted to have them picked up for free because we didn't want them anymore, but unfortunately only at our expense. They would only replace the damaged parts but as if both the dresser was damaged. Poor service from the manufacturer Amazon has taken care of everything for us and refunded us the money. A LOB to Amazon
Spend a little more money
The price is relatively low, which is noticeable in the quality. The delivered parts have to be glued together by yourself. The product was packaged in a simple envelope made of thin cardboard. There was no further protection. Since the postman stuffed the product right into my mailbox, a few templates were damaged. I did not complain, because I desperately needed this product. The glue included does not hold well, but it does stick well - like chewing gum that does not harden. Already one day after gluing, almost half of the templates had fallen off the wooden sticks. Since the glue does not dry out (at least it was still not dry five days after gluing), one has to be very careful not to glue everything together. The templates are partially incomplete. For one-time use and as a gag for a party, it's okay, but at a wedding I would invest a bit more money and go for a high-quality product.
I am not dissatisfied. The cabinet looks good and is easy to assemble, even if the instructions are not very clear. + Magnetic closure + nice appearance + stable when assembled + shelf can be positioned as desired
- Doors slam due to magnets (this can perhaps be compensated with rubber bumpers) - some dirty spots
- the supplied dowels are much too small and wobbly (I didn't have any others and I didn't have a trophy at home, so I glued them with craft glue) - the holders for the shelf are a bit wobbly (I wrapped them with some paper and balanced them) Conclusion: If it didn't look so good and had such good dimensions, I would give fewer stars, because you have to make everything fit to be really satisfied. I also find it a bit too expensive for that.
The coffee tastes good...but
...there are only 3 stars. The taste is subjectively good, but I think the original capsules are better (but also much more expensive). In this regard, I would have given 5*. Unfortunately, the coffee does not run evenly (if at all!). The additional plastic waste (individually packaged, see photo) also means a star deduction for me. I hope the manufacturer will change this and soon receive full points.
Set the alarm
The alarm clock came quickly and everything is easy to set up. But: the natural sounds sound terrible, and extremely loud. I couldn't make them quieter either. Probably a defect, supposedly this is possible. The quietest radio setting was also too loud, so I immediately fell out of bed. In addition, the darkest display setting is so bright that you can cast shadows on the wall with your hand. I always woke up when I turned my face towards the alarm clock, because I thought it was already tomorrow. When it was actually time, it was immediately too bright for me. I liked the colors and the color change, unfortunately, you can't dim the colored light. I also liked that it has a battery, so that you don't have to enter the time and the alarm time again in case of a power outage. But I went back for the reasons mentioned.
Light is great, processing is insufficient
I replaced four light bulbs in the house with these lamps. Unfortunately, I could only replace four, because the other two were delivered without a socket - instead, a circuit board is laughing at me at this point... There was also nothing in the box. "Buy six, get four" is not a good deal. Amazon would certainly have handled this kindly and quickly, but I only found out after the return deadline. So I see this as my mistake and live with it. However, it is not a good indication of the quality of these light bulbs - so far the only reason for two stars being taken off. The light itself is great. The rooms are now very brightly and evenly lit. The light color is more towards cold white. Perfect for hallways, offices, workshops, laundry rooms, etc. For living rooms, I personally would choose warmer light. Comparable to a good old 100 watt bulb. Other lamps can also do this and maybe I will get intact examples corresponding to the order. If my review is helpful, I would appreciate a positive rating. I try to answer questions quickly.
Great
I have received gestures and I would like to share my first impression. Yes, positive. I have been thinking for a long time whether to order this set or not. ** The material is stable and it lies well in the hand. ** The utensils all have a hole in the handle to hang them up. ** The soft silicone does not scratch expensive cookware and pots and is particularly practical to use on pans with a coating. ** They are heat-resistant and can be used up to 440 ℉. ** They also do not transfer heat and can therefore be touched directly. ** The dishwasher sometimes leaves water stains on the black silicone, but they disappear after a quick wipe.
Selling B-grade goods as new
Amazon Prime shipping is just great. Delivery within 24 hours. Then the shock, the faucet was unpacked and all parts checked. We found that the part had already been installed. We had to note significant scratches and scuffs on all the mounting parts. The screw connections/connections of the hoses were all damaged. Despite this, we installed the part in the sink (unfortunately). Only now did we see that there were also scratches/streaks on the chrome-plated faucet itself. This part was probably already delivered and then returned. We are keeping this faucet and installing it in the basement sink because it doesn't matter how it looks. Our conclusion: we will never order such goods from Amazon again, but we will rather spend a little more at the hardware store where we get decent goods. We find it just sad that customers are being cheated like this!!!
The product itself is great, but the external sensor is already broken after 6 months
In principle, I am very satisfied with this product. The installation was very easy, and the radio range is very good, with no problems with the transmission from the inside to the outside. I also like the design of the device. It is very simple and can be mounted on the wall or set up like a small picture frame. The only annoying thing is that after about half a year of use, the device that measures the values outside seems to be broken. The thermometer still seems intact, however, and plausible values are still displayed. The hygrometer, however, is probably broken, because it always displays completely astronomical values for the outside air humidity. This is very unfortunate, because the device was mounted outside in a protected place and is also the reason why I am giving this product only two stars.
Strong mower with weak catch basket
Apart from the fact that the first delivery attempt is still happily making its way through the republic with Hermes, without finding its way to me or back to Amazon, the service from Amazon with the triggering of a replacement delivery was as always outstanding. The lawnmower arrived quickly and made a good impression. The motor is strong and a nice cut is produced. The noise level is not particularly impressively low, but ok. The big drawback is unfortunately the catcher. On the one hand, it is made of hard plastic at the top and bottom and of fabric in between. If you just set it down for a short time when it is full, it will of course be compressed and parts of the contents will fall out. Worse, however, is that the actually practical fill level indicator shows red when the catcher is only half full. That would not be so bad if the mower did not then lose large parts of the cut material. Emptying the basket every time it is only half full on a large lawn area is not the solution. Therefore, I have cleaned the device as well as possible and sent it back. Conclusion: Overall, a very good mower, which becomes unusable for me due to the unfortunate construction of the catcher.
Good device for monitoring
I have two of these devices. The device can be easily integrated via the app. The supplied plug-in sensor cable is very good and can be extended if necessary. The device is solidly built. Room temperature and humidity are displayed, but to conserve the battery, they are only displayed once to three times a day (adjustable) in the app. For the following reasons, I am giving only 4 stars. - The soft back of the device, which also closes the battery compartment, can only be closed quite awkwardly. - One of the two devices is in a room with quite thick walls. This device loses its connection to the network every 1 to 2 weeks. Unfortunately, the device does not reconnect on its own, even if you put it near the router. You have to take out the batteries and put them back in after a short pause, then it connects again. This should work without removing the batteries. There is always an alarm when the connection is lost. - The alarm tone could be a bit louder.
3D Printer Prusa i3 DIY
I ordered this 3D printer because I wanted to use it for my own projects. Unfortunately, I have not yet managed to level the hotbed properly. The right-hand locking screw is completely tightened, but the hotbed is still too high and the screw on the right front falls out, because it is not tightened at all, even though the hotbed is still too low. The rods that hold the carriage are straight, as is the table. Maybe someone knows what to do about this, because it is impossible to print anything. For assembly: The assembly was quite problem-free, but it would be helpful to show how to lay the cables, because otherwise you have to lay them again and again, which is very tiring. I have also already contacted the support, but after a week of waiting, I still have not received an answer. Returning it is unfortunately no longer possible. I had expected a little more.
I am positively surprised by its robustness and precision
My old measuring slide has given up the ghost after many years, so a new one had to be purchased. This one looks very robust and is just as precise after several test measurements. It comes with two batteries, so it can be used straight away. The packaging of the slide is simple, but it fully fulfills its purpose. Otherwise, the slide leaves no wishes unfulfilled and has all the necessary measuring methods. I can only give it a full score and believe it will last at least as long as the old measuring slide.
Disgusting, persistent odor
I bought the bracelet and have not worn it yet because it emits a disgusting odor. To this day, this odor has not gone away, even though it has been "aired out" constantly. After it was no longer possible to return it, I disposed of it. I would not recommend buying it.
For the price, it's ok
The stars and balls on this necklace are a bit too big for me personally, so it looks quite massive. The larger balls are freely movable, which I find quite nice. However, the necklace is very simply processed overall, so I have already torn the closure open twice. So far, I have been able to repair it every time, but I think that this will not last long. But for the affordable price, you simply cannot expect anything really high-quality.
Very beautiful piece of jewelry
A beautifully crafted bracelet - and the simple clasp actually holds! You just have to pull the end through the mouth, it can't come apart, amazing! I have applied some leather care to it, which makes it even softer and more pliable. Just one thing: if you have something magnetic on your arm: The clasp is made of steel!
Unfortunately, it's junk! I was disappointed after unpacking, because the small displays of the transmitters were all scratched, so I had the feeling that it was used goods. The base station was okay. Now to the function: It only connects after some fiddling... if you stick to the instructions, it doesn't work at all, it only connects after I removed a battery from the base station and put it back in, the transmitters finally connected. Unfortunately, my joy about it didn't last long, because after an hour the connection was gone again, and that even though the transmitters were next to the base station. The display of the three transmitters was also very different! All in all, not worth using for me! The thing went back! I would definitely advise against buying it, it only causes trouble!
Transport damage
Hello, I had this garden pump before, unfortunately, after 3.5 years, the thread of the inner shaft had rusted away. I bought it again for one reason, I needed it urgently because of the current drought and I knew the connections of the suction line and the discharge line would fit. I hope that the shaft on the previous pump had a production defect and the current pump will last a little longer. Unfortunately, the new pump had transport damage, the plastic housing was torn and the ventilation slots were broken. The box was also damaged from the outside, so I would recommend packaging the pump better in the future, rather than just using a thin cardboard box. I kept the pump anyway, because as described above, I desperately needed the pump and the cracks in the plastic housing did not affect the pump's performance.
It could have been better thought out. Since I often have to deal with many different keys, I thought an organizer would be more pleasant than running around with a huge key ring all the time. At first, everything went quite well. However, the varnish soon wore off and the screws had to be tightened again and again. It's nice that it works with a penny, but only with a penny. I couldn't find a suitable Phillips screwdriver that wouldn't immediately ruin the whole screw. Now to the most annoying thing about the whole thing: attaching the keys. It's nice that you can adjust the screw to different sizes or lengths, but if you've first screwed it all together, you need pliers to take it apart again. Attaching the keys is simply a game of patience, balance, and dexterity. In the end, the screw in the thread broke on the third time of assembly and thus the whole thing became unusable. Conclusion: If at all, only get all the necessary keys once and never again, but at this price, you can also buy a cheaper alternative.
Do not quite match the stated dimensions
The zippers are easy to use, the material seems robust and everything is lightweight. Since I have no comparison (my first organizer set), I will not be able to actually judge the product until after the first use. I can already say that the height is lower than stated. At the moment, I can't really imagine packing everything there for a three-week vacation. If necessary, the really large parts can go directly into the suitcase - as before. It should be noted that not 8, but 10 parts were delivered, as there were two smaller bags/pouches in the round cosmetic bag. The processing is not of high quality, but I wanted to mention that anyway. The fact that the cosmetic bag has a different color and is made of a different material than the other bags does not bother me personally. I see the price-performance ratio as a trial price and that is okay.
So lala
So, I ordered it before Christmas and it worked until after Christmas. Now, when I wanted to use it again, it didn't work. Battery? Changed. But it still doesn't work. So, I could have just thrown the money in the trash.
Cleaning is always good! The application is simple, but you should be very careful with the brush to avoid damaging the needle. I could not hear any improvement in the sound quality of my very high-quality turntable.
Long battery life
The headphones are wonderfully protected. There were two black cables with them. The battery life is very long. The sound is definitely completely sufficient. I liked that the headphones do not hurt even after long use and are therefore very comfortable. The ear cups are very soft and pleasant to wear. The weight is also kept very low. I would recommend this product in this price class.
Nice dress
Very nice dress, which is very wearable for a wide variety of occasions. The price-performance ratio is perfect here, especially since I also got it in the flash sale. It fits perfectly in my size, I am glad that I didn't order it smaller (it was recommended). I just wish the neckline wasn't so deep, and the sleeves could handle a bit more fabric (if you don't have quite as thin upper arms as the model in the picture). But overall, a nice dress for many occasions.
Keep your hands off it. It can't get any worse. I really and seriously didn't expect such junk to be sold today. The drive is operated on a High End Asus ROG Strix Scar II Gaming Laptop. It is to be expected that the USB ports provide sufficient power. Nevertheless, trouble-free operation of this drive is not possible. DVDs usually work, Blu-rays are recognized at most unreliably. The discs must be inserted several times, then it makes noise like you haven't heard since the 90s from old PCs and the very first CD-ROM drives. After a few minutes, you can either restart the computer because it won't work anymore or the disc is finally recognized. Then you must not press pause or jump to a chapter or change the language during the film or even just do something. This immediately leads to an unfixable freeze. In addition, of course, no Blu-ray software is included. If you buy PowerDVD or similar at additional cost, the price of this drive doubles.
It does what it's supposed to do, but it's not pretty. First of all, I want to emphasize that the two USB ports are actually a waste of time, because only the port that points up is a USB port. The other plug is only there to charge some devices and is therefore relatively useless. I didn't know this when I bought it, which is why I was a bit disappointed. I actually needed a second port and if I had just needed a plain extension, I certainly wouldn't have bought this unshapely lump with gold plugs. But apart from the appearance and my misjudgment, the extension does its job very reliably. And because of the weight of the plug, the inserted USB stick doesn't just hang around in the area, like with a normal extension cord. So it's not a real bad purchase, but my euphoria is kept within narrow limits :-).
Small but oho! I bought this product so that I could have an audio output on my iPad (Pro) and connect a display. With iOS 12, you can now also push data back and forth. This works very well. Furthermore, the audio output was as expected. Other adapters that I had to send back could not do this. The HDMI output is practical. I now have a PS4 controller via BT on the tablet and the HDMI on the TV. Charging at the same time is no problem. The sound is delivered via HDMI. What else do I need my PlayStation for :P There was a small adapter that can be attached to the tablet. This is supposed to provide stability and also has a magnetic holder. My case does not fit with the adapter. Well, it is still secure and has contact, so... All in all, it is a bit expensive, but justified by the full range of functions. It is also very small and made of a stable piece of aluminum. Price-performance ratio is good.
Lots of power
Great device. It has been running without problems for months. It is not exactly light or quiet, but it delivers a lot of power. I find the middle temperature setting (Tp setting) a bit too cool and am therefore always on level 2. It has also fallen several times on the tiled floor and has survived well. And I also like the simple design. Competitive products often look like spaceships.
Very good
The processing of the brush head has made a very good impression, although the price difference compared to the original is very large, but it does not make a cheap impression. In use, the feeling of a high-quality process is confirmed. Overall, I found these brushes very good and can be recommended without reservation.
Great product with weak battery
We have had the tracker for about 6 months and are positively surprised that the tracking is accurate to within 0.5m in live mode. However, in offline mode when the dog is in the house, it sometimes jumps a few meters, which is not a problem. I would buy it again anytime. What would be great, however, would be a battery that lasts longer. Currently, it lasts about 1.5 hours. A solution that would last 7-14 days would be great. There is an XL version, but unfortunately, it is too big for our taste. It would not even have to last that long and we find it impractical to have to change the battery every day. You should be busy with the dog, not with its collar :-) . The app also worked perfectly.
After a few weeks of rubbish
We have already ordered the shoes in several sizes. They fit well and seem comfortable too. However, the durability is decreasing. Although my son only wears the shoes in PE, the soles are already worn out after a few weeks and the shoes cannot be used any longer. The last pair was the same in normal use, they did not last very long, but I thought it would be enough for PE. Unfortunately, that was not the case. The shoes are expensive rubbish and absolutely not recommended.
Fits perfectly - but original? My last pair of Crocs unfortunately broke after 5 years, so I happily ordered new ones. These ones are unfortunately poorly made at first glance. They are just as comfortable as the ones I had before. At first glance, there seems to be no difference, but upon closer inspection, one can see that the edges are poorly made and the strap at the heel is quite loose and will most likely not last as long as my previous ones. I'm curious!
Surprisingly good
Since there are hardly any reviews to read yet, I was very skeptical at first. However, since I am going to a festival this year and would like to sleep in the car, I ordered it on a whim. The delivery included the mattress and an air pump. Regarding the mattress: I tested it in the car (Citroen Berlingo). I noticed that there is some mold on one side. I wiped it away and hope that it does not appear again. When it was inflated, a lying test was conducted. It is easy to lie on it and it fits perfectly for the festival. Of course, this mattress cannot replace your own bed, but for days at the event it is pure luxury. The mattress fits perfectly in my car. Beforehand, we removed the seats in the back. It fits perfectly. The air pump: The air pump has various adapters. The mattress requires two different adapters, which can also be found on the pump. The pump is plugged into the cigarette lighter of the car. However, the plug was defective (something at the soldering point). Since my friend is handy, he was able to repair it and it worked perfectly again. The mattress pumped up in no time at all. Overall, I am very impressed with the mattress. I am looking forward to the hardness test at the festival. I hope that it does not lose air and lasts a long time. I also hope that the mold does not appear again. After the test, I can already recommend it. If I have any other experiences, I will revise the review accordingly (if possible).
Definitely not worth more than 10€... Unfortunately, the calendar only gets two stars from me. :( 1. For the fast shipping. 2. For the idea of the toy. Unfortunately, the calendar is torn apart through the poor processing directly on day 1 through several doors. At the 21st door, there were no more doors left and I had to more or less allow my son to take out the remaining parts because they basically already appealed to him. The parts often come out of place, which often means that you have to disassemble the car again to get the parts back. After the car is completely assembled, parts fall off during play. (Mostly the windshield. This is also very difficult to put back on.) In itself, I would not buy this calendar again and would not recommend it to anyone else. Maybe the manufacturers will reconsider the way they designed the calendar for the next edition and do it better. :\
a real drone
I am thrilled with the drone. My 7-year-old daughter flies it. It flies very well indoors and the 5-minute flight time is usually completely sufficient. I didn't expect anything else with the price, but getting hair stuck in it and the drone breaking very quickly is not a problem. Crashing from the ceiling to the floor, whether it's tiles or carpet, is no problem. If you have any questions, please contact us.
The game is okay, but it can only be played on Steam. I didn't notice when I bought it that it was not a game CD, but only a code that allows you to download the game. That would be okay, but you are forced to install Steam in order to play the game at all, which is an outrage. Since then, the computer constantly crashes, which would not happen with a pure installation of the game.
Unfortunately, it fails due to the battery life
I was really looking forward to the watch. The design and appearance are great, messages etc. are displayed without any problems. The operation worked well.... and yet I am sending it back. The big downside: the battery and its runtime. Charged in the evening, just laying on the shelf overnight and in the morning 11% less battery when not in use. Many messages came in during the day, the battery was already empty by noon / early afternoon and then you can't even read the time. Therefore, not useful for me. Very unfortunate.
Noble shell with limitations
For the slippery Samsung Galaxy S10+, you should definitely get a case. I recently liked cases that you can also put your credit card in. This case offers that. If you put all 3 cards in the pockets, it gets too full, then the lid stands up a bit. One is enough for me. The leather case gives a robust impression and seems to be well made. It looks elegant. The phone is embedded around it, only the ports have cutouts. Otherwise, you can easily operate the power button and volume control on the sides through the case. The disadvantage is that it is not possible to charge the phone on some QI chargers due to the thickness of the case. Even on the leather QI charging station from TORRO it does not work. Accessories - such as the Galaxy Buds - can only be charged when the case is off. Otherwise, it looks really cool and well made!
High-quality case with bulletproof glass film
The robust case with a real bulletproof glass as protection for the screen in a classic design offers all-round protection for the entire iPhone 11. It fits very well and can also be easily put on. The material is pleasant to hold and does not get dirty. A really successful and beautiful product with a very good price-performance ratio. This case gives the phone some stability. It is not too bulky and sits firmly on the phone. Overall, a good purchase.
