This document is based on the provisions of GB/T 1.1-202, Part 1: Guidelines for Standardization Work, and Part 2: Structure and Drafting Rules for Standardization Documents.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology "Chinese Character Set Encoding and GB 18030-2005 Compared with GB 18030-2005, in addition to structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main changes are as follows:
The scope of this document has been expanded (see Chapter 1),
In the double-byte coding area, the positions of the GB/I 13000 codes corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components have been changed, and in addition to 6 Chinese character components with repeated codes and 9 Chinese characters with repeated codes (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB/T 13000 code positions have been changed in the four-byte coding area (see Appendix D, 2005 edition of Appendix D);
The appendix “Additional Chinese Characters and Radicals/Components” has been deleted and can be found in the appendix of the 2005 edition.
Increased the level of implementation" (see draft 9);
A supplementary appendix has been added, “General Standard Chinese Character Table; Code Position of Discussed Characters”, see Appendix D.
Please note that some of the content in this document may be subject to patents. The issuing agency of this document does not assume any responsibility for identifying patents.
This document is proposed and filed by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The following is a list of the versions of this document and its predecessors:
The first edition was published as GB 18030-2000 in 2000, and the first revision was made in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 1 2022
Information Expansion ”Chinese Encoding Character Set
This document specifies the Chinese graphic characters used in information technology and their hexadecimal representation in binary code.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other graphic character information.
This document applies to technical products that have the function of information processing and exchange of Chinese and other character graphics, including but not limited to software products represented by input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text conversion, handwriting recognition, and so on, as well as hardware products represented by computers, communication terminal devices, electronic book readers, learning machines, and so on.
2 Regular expression reference file
The content of the following documents is incorporated into this document by reference to the normative references in the document.
Among them, the reference document with a date is only applicable to this document for the corresponding version; the reference document without a date is applicable to this document for the latest version (including all the change logs).
GB/T 2312 1980 “Character set for information exchange using Chinese characters” Basic set
GB/I 11383 1989 Information processing "Information exchange using an eight-bit code structure and encoding rules"
GB/T 13000 Information Technology General Multibyte Character Set (UCS)
3 Terms and definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character
An element in a set of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Characters (3.1) and their encoding are shown.
3.3 User-defined area
Users of products that comply with this document can define their own regions.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A set of characters represented by a code character (3.2) is a set of characters (3.1) specified by a code character.
3.5 reserved zone
Leave it for the future in the area specified in this document.
GB 18030 1 2022
4-character compound word
4.1 Overview
The characters included in this document are encoded in single byte, double byte, or quad byte.
The single-byte part includes all 128 characters from 0x00 to 0x7F in GB/T 11383-1989.
4.3 Double byte part
The double byte part includes all graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
The characters in the double byte portion are as specified in Appendix A.
Among them, the graphic, code position, and function of the descriptive symbol of the ideographic character shall comply with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam, and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract shapes are assigned separate code positions; Chinese characters with the same abstract shape but different origins are assigned shared code positions.
Chinese characters that have been encoded are called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Four-character section
The four-byte part includes 66 CJK unified Chinese characters (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB) in GB/T 13000, CJK unified Chinese characters expansion A, CJK unified Chinese characters expansion B, CJK unified Chinese characters expansion C, CJK unified Chinese characters expansion D, CJK unified Chinese characters expansion E, CJK unified Chinese characters expansion F, and characters of minority nationalities that have been encoded in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the four-byte part are defined in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the main text, any number prefixed with 0x is represented in hexadecimal, and any number not prefixed with 0x is represented in decimal.
In the appendix, all codes are represented in hexadecimal, and all other numbers are represented in decimal.
The single-byte part uses the coding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using the code bits 0x00~0x7F.
The Shuangzi Gong part uses two eight-bit binary strings to represent one character, with the first byte code position ranging from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the last byte code position ranging from 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE.
The four-byte part uses GB/T 11383-1989 as the suffix for the expansion of the double-byte code, with a code range of 0x81308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The first character of the four-character word is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; the second character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39; the third character is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; the fourth character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39.
The overall structure and code position range allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
6 character permutation
6.1 Single-character brush to arrange the order of characters
The single-character record section arranges the characters according to the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 Arrangement of some characters in the city of Dual
The arrangement of the characters in the lower part of the double word should comply with Appendix A.
6.3 Arrangement of characters in the four-character brush part
From 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, there are 50400 code bits, corresponding to all the characters of the GB/T 13000 Basic Multilingual Plane that are not included in the double-byte part. They are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters of the GB/T 13000 Basic Multilingual Plane.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1058400 code bits are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000. The character arrangement order is completely arranged in the corresponding code bit order of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000.
The arrangement of the characters in the four-character part should comply with Appendix C.
7-digit code allocation
1. Code position allocation in the single word city
The code positions of the single byte part are allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
The allocation of single-byte code positions is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code position allocation for the double character
The code positions of the double byte part are divided into two parts, 0x8140~0xFE7E and 0x8180~0xFEFE, with a total of 23940 code positions.
The allocation of double-byte code positions is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 code positions
Double byte 1 area: 846 bits
SS WA and RS Dongning District 3 6080 code position
First byte 0xA8~0xA9 2-byte 5th area: 192 code bits
3. The structure diagram of the coding space of the double-word vegetable part
Table 2 Code position arrangement for the double word hearing part
The range of the human code position
Code position allocation for the four-character brush part
The four-character section includes Chinese characters and some minority languages.
The allocation of the four-bit person code is shown in Table 3.
The allocation of four-byte person code positions not specified in Table 3 is shown in 6.3.
Table 3 Code position arrangement for the four-character hearing part
Code position range
Table 3 Code position arrangement of the fourth byte (continued)
Code position range Code position number Character number
From 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39, a total of 25200 code bits are reserved for user customization.
The other unused four-byte code positions are reserved for future file extensions.
Explanation of some characters and codes
Compared to GB 18030-2005, the shape of some code points and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code points have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General
This document defines three implementation levels.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level should provide input and output functions for all characters within the scope of the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Achieve level 1
Achieve level 1 of the CJK Unified Hanzi (i.e. 0x82358F33 to 0x82359636) and CJK Unified Hanzi Extension A (i.e. 0x8139EE39 to 0x82358738) by encoding the single byte, double season, and four-byte parts of this document.
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements for level 1 implementation.
Note: According to the software application needs, level 1 can also choose any one or more non-Chinese scripts listed in Table 3.
9.3 Achieve level 2
Implementation level 2 includes implementation level 1.
In addition, level 2 also includes the encoding of Chinese characters that are not included in level 1 in the General Standard Chinese Character Table.
The code positions and shapes of the characters collected in the General Standard Chinese Character Table are listed in the appendix.
The system software and supporting software shall meet the requirements of level 2.
Note: System software and application software include but are not limited to operating systems, database management systems, and middleware (information on software product classification can be found in GB/T 36475).
9.4 Achieve level 3
Implementation level 3 includes implementation level 2.
In addition, to achieve level 3, you must also know all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the initials of the Kangxi era in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of level 3.
Note: The public service and common service industries include but are not limited to the railway transportation industry, road transportation industry, water transportation industry, aviation transportation industry, multimodal transportation and transportation agency industry, postal industry, monetary and financial services, insurance industry, land management industry, health industry, national institutions, social security, etc. (For information on industry classification, see GB/T 4754.)
Appendix A (normative)
Double-byte character table
A.1 Table content
This table gives the character shape and code of the double-byte encoded character, and also gives the position of the GB/T 13000 code corresponding to the character.
A.2 Explanation of the table
Here is an example:
First byte second byte low position
Double byte 3 area
Second byte high position GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (regulatory nature)
Descriptive symbols for ideographic characters
This appendix includes 13 descriptive symbols for ideographic characters specified in GB/TI 13000, and provides their graphic codes, code positions, and functional descriptions.
See Table B.1 for specific details.
Table B.1 Graphical, code position, and function description of pictorial symbols
The code positions in this document are similar to but not the same as the code positions in GB/T 13000, and are used to borrow a character to express an external character
Left and right structure
Hierarchical structure
Left, center, right structure
Top-middle-bottom structure
All-encompassing structure
Return to the lower encapsulation structure
Return to the top of the enclosure structure
The right enveloping structure
The right lower enclosure structure
Return to the left lower enclosure structure
The right upper enclosure structure
Rental package structure
Appendix C (Regulatory)
Four-character book character table
C.1 Table content
This table provides the character shapes and codes of Chinese characters and some minority nationality scripts, and also provides the corresponding GB/TI 13000 codes but their positions, and the character shapes of other parts are omitted.
Explanation of Table C.2
Appendix D (informative)
Explanation of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions
B 18030 1 2005 specifies the temporary code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000, which are adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Correspondence of the adjusted code (continued)
This document and GB 18030-2005 correspond to this document and GB/T 13000 code points
D.2 6 Chinese character components deleted in the Dual Word Hearing Zone
Table D.2 Code positions and reserved character forms
D.3 9 CJK compatible Chinese characters deleted in the lower part of the double character
This document removes the 9 CJK characters from GB/TI 13000 included in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 Deleted 9 CJK compatible Chinese characters and their code positions
Appendix A (informative) General Standard Chinese Character Table
This document includes all 8105 standard Chinese characters in the "4th General Standard Chinese Character Table" approved and issued by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. Their code positions and shapes are shown in Table 1.
The order of arrangement of Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of standard Chinese characters in the 4th General Standard Chinese Character Table. The characters with serial numbers 1 to 3500 are first-level Chinese characters, the characters with serial numbers 3501 to 6500 are second-level Chinese characters, and the characters with serial numbers 6501 to 8105 are third-level Chinese characters.
Table E.1 The shape and code position of Chinese characters in the General Standard Chinese Character Table
GB/ 工 4754 National Economic Industry Classification
GB/ 36475 Software Product Classification
General Standard Chinese Character Table. State Council of the People's Republic of China (State Council No. 23 of 2013).
The content of this manual page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler, and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain it, the EURo file and Info file are the authoritative documents.
If you find any discrepancies between the manual pages and the software, please check the Info
If we find that the content of this manual page is causing obvious confusion and complaints due to being outdated, we will stop publishing it. There is no other option, such as updating the Info file while updating the man manual, because there is no time left for us to do this while doing other maintenance work on Gnu cc. The GNU project considers the man manual to be outdated and should be used elsewhere.
If you need a complete and up-to-date document, please refer to the Info document `gee' or Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual. Both are derived from the Texinfo original document gee.texinfo.
Description: The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They all use one or more of the four steps to process the input file: preprocessing, Hii (compilation), assembly, and linking.
The source file suffix identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix controls the default setting:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C file, and sets up the connection in C form,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C++ file and sets up the connection in C++ form.
The source file extension indicates the type of language and the post-processing operations:
.c C source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
. CXX C++ source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i is a preprocessed C file; compile, assemble
.ii preprocessed C++ file; compile, assemble
.s assembly language source program; assembly
Compile language source programs; preprocessing, compiling
.h preprocessor files; they are not usually passed to the linker (Linker) along with other subsequent files. They usually include:
.0 Object file
.a archive file
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the complete process), connecting is always the last step.
In the linking phase, all .e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, and unrecognized file names (including specified .o H header files and .a library files) are passed to the linker options (OPTIONS) in the order specified in the command line.
Options must be given separately: de ' completely different from `-d -r '.
Most `-E' and `-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
Here we only list the formats that are not the default options.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in the following sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Specify the language of the file to be inputted next as language (rather than the default option obtained from the file name).
This option applies to all input files until the next `-x' option .language
Disable any explicit language specification, so the file name suffix is processed as the last file (RE AS E ` -x' option).
If you only want to operate on a part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, linking), you can use the `-x' option (or file name suffix Ah) to tell geo where to start, and use the `~-c', `-s', or `-E' options to tell geo where to end. Note that some option combinations (e.g., `-x cpp-output -E') tell geo to compile or assemble source files, and GCC will rename the source file to `.o' and the assembly file to `.ec' by default. You can use the `-o' option to select other names. GCC ignores any unrecognized input after the `-ec' option.
The target file is ready.
Compilation stops here, no assembly is performed.
Use pipes instead of temporary files between different stages of the compilation process, because those systems' assemblers cannot read data from pipes, GNU's assembler does not have this problem, the assembler can accept the C "dialect": support for ANSI-compliant C programs.
This will disable certain features in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as ANSI trigraph features that are rarely used, such as unix and vax, and prohibit the use of even though all standard libraries are available under the hosted environment, the main function returns an int value, a typical example is almost all programs except the kernel. The corresponding free-standing environment does not have a standard library, and the program entry point may not be main, the most obvious example is the operating system kernel. For details, please refer to the recent information on the gcc website.
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', treat them in the C style --- that is, do not specify the number or type of parameters. (Only for C++)
In normal circumstances, such a function foo in C++ means that the parameter is empty.
The list of nodes is deleted here in an attempt to support some aspects of traditional C compilers.
See the NU c manual for details, we have removed the details so that people will not HERI when the content becomes outdated.
Except for one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing assignment to this.
He is like the fruit of the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of traditional Cc preprocessors.
Specifically, the above refers to the content related to the preprocessor, but does not include the other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of the `$' character in identifiers (only for C++)
You can specify the `-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly prohibit the use of the `$' symbol.
(GNU C++ allows `$' by default on some target systems, but not all systems.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversion from ant type to enumeration type (MEF c++) .
Under normal circumstances, GNU C++ allows the conversion from enum to int, but not the other way around.
-fexternal-—templates generates smaller code (limited to C++) for template declarations by generating a copy of each template function only where they are defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark all files that use the template with `#pragma implementation' (definition) or `#pragma interface' (declaration).
When the program is compiled with `-fexternal-templates', all template instantiations are external types. You must have the required instantiations appear in the implementation file.
This can be achieved through typedef, which references each instance as needed.
Conversely, if the default option `-fno-exteznal-templates' is used during compilation, all template instances are explicitly set to be embedded.
All member functions (except for the constructor sub-functions and the mnew or delete member operators) are considered to be virtual functions of the class they are in.
This does not mean that every time a member function is called, it will go through the internal virtual function table.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch allows the second and third parameters of the condition expression to be of different types.
The value of this expression is Void.-fthis-—is-variable allows assignment to this (only for C++).
Merging user-defined free storage management mechanisms into C++ makes the assignable `this' seem inappropriate.
Therefore, by default, assigning to this inside a class member function is a no-op.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this operation valid by using the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, similar to unsigned char.
All machines have their own default char type. It can be either unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, when relying on data's symbolic nature, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned char.
However, many programs are written using only simple chars, and the compiler treats them as signed numbers (or unsigned numbers, depending on the target machine on which the program is compiled).
This option, and its opposite, cause the program to work with the corresponding default values.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If no explicit declaration of the 'signed' or 'unsigned' modifiers is given, these options are used to define signed or unsigned bitfields.
By default, bit fields are signed, because their underlying integer type, such as int, is signed. However, if the `-traditional' option is specified, bit fields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in the writable data segment, without special treatment.
This is to be compatible with some old programs, and they think it's a very bad idea to change the string constant, and the `-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive summary
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
Its impact may be similar to the economic crisis of 2008
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed healthcare services, causing them to nearly collapse, and the restrictions imposed by governments have caused serious disruptions to the global economy.
The impact of this pandemic on the drug market is not yet clear, and it is also difficult to predict, but it may have a profound impact.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and basic chemicals.
Traffickers may be forced to find new routes and methods due to travel restrictions.
The patterns of drug use and provision may change, and the government's ability to respond may be hindered.
The changes brought about by COVID-19 are unprecedented, but we can still learn some lessons from previous crises.
After the economic crisis of 2008, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances, and their use patterns shifted towards injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut budgets related to drugs.
If governments respond to the current economic downturn in the same way, interventions to prevent drug use and related risk behaviours, and drug treatment services could be severely impacted.
In addition, the priority given to interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Some countries have a large amount of drugs smuggled through commercial flights, and it is expected that these countries will be the most directly affected by drug trafficking activities.
Methamphetamine and other synthetic drugs are often carried in backpacks or hidden in personal luggage by couriers, sometimes in large quantities. Because almost all airlines have restrictions on passenger travel, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs may be completely disrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, activities involving trafficking using the dark web and parcel post may increase.
In the long run, the economic recession and related closure measures may disrupt the drug market.
Due to rising unemployment rates and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people are more likely to use drugs in a harmful way, develop drug addiction, and turn to drug-related illegal activities, whether it is production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable people and recruit new members to strengthen their ranks.
As the government's ability to respond decreases, these changes may quickly take root and become the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth model partially explains the reason for the expansion of the market
Drug abuse has been increasing all over the world, both in terms of the total number of drug abusers and the proportion of drug abusers in the world population.
In 2009, there were an estimated 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018, there were an estimated 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3% of this population.
Over the past two decades, the growth rate of drug abuse in developing countries has far exceeded that of developed countries.
This reflects the difference in overall population growth during this period, with developed countries at 7% and developing countries at 28%, but also reflects the rapid growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults make up the largest proportion of drug users.
During the period of 2000-2018, the population of this age group in developing countries increased by 16%, while the population of this age group in developed countries decreased by 10%.
1 Urbanization is a driving factor in the current and future drug market
In both developed and developing countries, drug abuse is more common in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to the large-scale migration of the population from rural areas to cities. Currently, more than half of the world's population lives in urban areas, compared to 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, especially in developing countries where urbanization trends are more pronounced.
Increased wealth is linked to increased drug use, but the burden of disease is greatest among the poorest people worldwide, and drug use is more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs like cocaine are more closely linked to the world's wealthier regions.
Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the wealthy social classes.
However, the rate of drug addiction is higher among people with lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a few countries suggests that harmful drug patterns are linked to low income and disease.
These patterns seem to be less common in the wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks faced by the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment rates, have historically been associated with an increase in drug use, and this pandemic has already forced millions of people worldwide to lose their jobs.
The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to further expansion of the drug market. The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in the cultivation of illegal crops, or because the control ability of the state authorities has declined, or because more people may have to take risks and engage in illegal activities under the economic crisis.
The related restrictions on COVID-19 have led to a decrease in air and land transportation, and sea trafficking may have increased as a result. The risk of interception at sea is low, and there are more cases of smuggling at sea than in the air or on land.
Recently, there have been reports that cocaine goods are directly transported from South America to Europe via the sea.
Increased complexity
The appearance of non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but new types of opioids with potential harm are increasing, and the drug market is becoming more complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as marijuana, cocaine, and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of drugs is also rapidly increasing.
The domestic market of member countries has about 500 new types of active substances every year.
Currently, most of them are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and a small amount of opioids.
Although the overall number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
Of the total number of new types of psychoactive substances identified in 2014, opioid-like new types of psychoactive substances accounted for only 2%, but by 2018, this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances are similar to fentanyl, which has been proven to have both therapeutic effects and harm, causing overdose deaths in North America and other regions, but to a lesser extent.
In North America, fentanyl is used as an adulterant for heroin and other drugs (including cocaine and methamphetamine), and is also used to manufacture counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
Some evidence suggests that there is also injection of new psychoactive substances in Europe: a study of residues in discarded syringes in six European cities found that many syringes were contaminated with new psychoactive substances that produce a stimulant effect
2 The use of new psychoactive substances may gradually become entrenched in vulnerable groups
A single type of new psychoactive substance has almost never formed a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
22 countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with most countries identifying synthetic cannabinoids as a major challenge.
Controls on precursor chemicals have forced drug manufacturers to innovate. Many chemicals used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine, and "ecstasy" have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and manufacturers have been looking for alternatives, not only in substances with looser controls, but also in chemicals specifically designed to evade controls, so-called "custom-made precursors".
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to further squeeze drug producers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico shows that this has become a reality: according to reports, in March 2020, a shortage of methylphenidate precursors imported from East Asia led to an increase in methylphenidate prices in Mexico and the United States.
The market is constantly changing
Synthetic drugs replace opiates in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opioid market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The amount of opioids intercepted by Russian Federation authorities has decreased by about 80%, and the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use has decreased significantly.
But the market for doping seems to be booming.
There is evidence that methylone and various cathinones, including methoxyphenidate and a-pyrrolidinopentiophenone, are now available on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities reported that the number of secret manufacturing points for various illegal drugs recently discovered has sharply increased, doubling in two years, reaching 152 manufacturing points in 2018.
Methamphetamine market growth in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, investigations into the personnel of hospitals, prisons, and other institutions revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal methamphetamine has become another major drug of concern, in addition to fentanyl and ketamine.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug users saying marijuana was harder to obtain than "fentanyl" or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities have discovered several methamphetamine processing points, and the DEA has expressed concern about the large-scale import of pseudoephedrine agents, which are used as precursors by these processing points.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacturing seems to have begun in 2014.
Since then, the amount of methamphetamine seized has been steadily increasing.
However, the amount of seizures in the first half of 2019 was 657 kilograms, a significant increase compared to the previous year.
Large quantities of methamphetamine believed to originate from Afghanistan have been seized in other countries, indicating that the country's production is rapidly increasing.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions that have legalized the non-medical use of marijuana have seen an increase in marijuana use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay, and the United States allow the manufacture of marijuana products for non-medical use.
In most jurisdictions, marijuana use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical marijuana use.
In Colorado and Washington, the two states that passed legislation first in the United States, the number of adults using marijuana for non-medical purposes has increased, especially in the past month and in daily or almost daily use, which has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that marijuana use in Uruguay has increased since 2011, and last month's use almost doubled.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is regular and frequent use of marijuana.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, usage also increased.
However, in 2019, 40% of marijuana users still obtained some products from illegal sources.
Is the legalization of marijuana the reason behind the sharp drop in global marijuana seizures?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years, due to a decline in seizures in North America, which fell by 84% over the past decade.
In comparison, seizures in other parts of the world almost doubled during the same period. The patterns of seizures suggest that policies aimed at liberalizing the marijuana market played a key role in the decline.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances seems to have a deterrent effect. It is still difficult to assess the effectiveness of the regulation of new psychoactive substances in China.
Some countries with different regulatory systems for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of new psychoactive substance use.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased after domestic legislation.
Vulnerable groups face harm from both legal and illegal drug markets, and opioids used for pain management and palliative treatment are mainly available in high-income countries, with uneven distribution across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all medicinal opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% are in Europe, and 2% are in Oceania.
The population of these countries accounts for about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries account for 88% of the global population, but consume less than 10% of the world's opioids.
Barriers to obtaining opioids for medical use are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems, and prescription practices.
Poorer people are more likely to suffer from drug addiction. In 2018, about 35.6 million people suffered from drug addiction.
Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization can increase the risk of drug addiction and exacerbate its consequences. Studies in high-income countries confirm this, showing that an individual's unfavorable socioeconomic trajectory is not only a reflection of their situation at a particular point in time, but also related to the risk of drug addiction.
Drug addiction also deepens social and economic disadvantage, further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty, and homelessness, thus perpetuating the vicious cycle of disadvantage. These outcomes may also be related to the degrading attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, groups with diverse sexual orientations, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and people in rural environments may also be disproportionately affected by drug addiction or face problems in accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life year (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy life years lost due to disability and premature death, harmful drug use has had a greater impact on society over the past decade.
Between 2007 and 2018, the global disability-adjusted life years attributable to drug use increased by 17%.
The related disability adjustment life expectancy increase is particularly high among injection drug users with untreated hepatitis C, reaching 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex and it is difficult to determine all the causal relationships between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggest that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
But in violent incidents, alcohol seems to play a bigger role than drugs.
Although drug use may lead to crime, in some cases, this connection can be partially attributed to multiple mediating factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment, and peer influence.
The connection between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, are likely to be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the presence and extent of violence is more dependent on certain changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or imprisonment of notorious criminals, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group relative to another.
Latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most dangerous
It is estimated that there were 192 million people who used marijuana in 2018, making it the most used drug globally.
In comparison, there were 58 million people using opioids in 2018.
However, the related dangers of opioids have been overlooked due to their low usage.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug abuse in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances, and 50% of the 21 million years of life lost to disability or premature death due to drug abuse were caused by these substances.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, the culprit is ketamine; in North America, it is fentanyl. These two regions have almost nothing in common in terms of economic, demographic data, or general drug use patterns, but they are both struggling to combat the opioid crisis fueled by easily accessible and low-cost substances.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in opioid overdose deaths over the past 20 years.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada also reported similar results, albeit with lower numbers.
Part of the reason for the excessive deaths caused by fentanyl is the unpredictable effects of fentanyl in the illegal drug market.
In West Africa, Central Africa and North Africa, the market for non-medical uses of ketamine has grown significantly.
In this region, there are more and more patients with diseases that can be treated with quinine.
In 2017, the global seizure of ketamine increased significantly, reaching a peak of over 125 tons.
But in 2018, after India passed a new law to regulate ketamine, global seizures fell to 32 tons.
The crisis in these two places was caused by the production of simple and low-cost products, and there was also a lack of international supervision of ketamine and many similar substances or their precursors.
The crisis in both places is exacerbated by the fact that these substances are available on both the pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their misuse.
Doping use is increasing
The field of stimulants is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are on the rise in their main markets.
In 2018, there were approximately 19 million people who used cocaine, as cocaine is quite popular in North America and Western Europe.
In the same year, about 27 million people used amphetamines, with methamphetamine being the most commonly used amphetamine in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, methamphetamine use in these two regions has been expanding for 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes substituting for each other, with the use of one drug increasing as the use of the other decreases, sometimes increasing and decreasing simultaneously to meet the same market demand.
COVID-19 increases the risk for injection drug users
It is estimated that there were about 11.3 million people who injected drugs in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections are due to injecting drug use.
More than 1 million people who inject drugs are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million people have hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died from drug abuse, half of whom died from liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and most of the hepatitis C cases among intravenous drug users have not been treated.
The shortage of opioids caused by COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to substitute them with more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injecting or inject more frequently, there may be more harmful ways of using it.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Instructions for use
Product introduction
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it properly.
The earphones themselves come with medium-sized ear tips, so if you have a discomfort, you can replace them with small ones.
01 Wearing earphones
Gently insert the earbuds into your ears, and make sure they are not touching your head.
When talking, pointing the earphone microphone towards your mouth can make the conversation clearer.
When changing the call, please adjust the earphone to expose the microphone
Before using the charging headphones, please tear off the netting on the charging points of the left and right earphones, and fully charge the charging box and earphones.
Insert the charging line to charge the earphones and the charging box at the same time.
The charging box is not fully charged, the red light of the charging indicator is on, and the charging is completed when the red light is off.
When charging the earphones, the red light of the earphone indicator light is on, and the earphone is fully charged. The white light of the earphone indicator light is on for 1 minute and then turns off.
02 Charge and open the machine
The earphones are in the charging box, and the earphones will automatically turn on when taken out of the charging box.
The earphones are not in the charging case and have been turned off. Press and hold the multifunction button for about 1 second (the white light stays on for 1 second).
Long press for about 1 second
White light stays on for 1 second
Turn off the power
Put it in the charging box, and the earphones will automatically turn off.
In the on state, press and hold the multifunction key for about 5 seconds (the red light will stay on for 2 seconds)
Press and hold for about 5 seconds
The red light is on for 2 machines
03 Start using
Automatic connection: The two earphones are connected from the charging box.
The two cats automatically open the door, and the white light comes on.
The red and white lights then resumed. The left and right bags were connected in series.
Wait for the left/right earphones to flash. Open the device and search for “RedmIArDots2” and click on it.
After the first connection, the Nokia phone will automatically reconnect to the last paired device (Bluetooth must be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the earbuds back in the charging case. Repeat the above steps.
Press and hold for about 1 second to turn on the device
Earphone indicator light
Single ear / dual ear switching is free; after the two earphones are connected successfully, they are dual earphones; when either earphone is put back into the charging box and turned off, the other earphone enters the single ear mode, and it can automatically resume the dual ear mode when it is taken out again.
Manual connection: When the earphones are turned off, manually turn on the two earphones. The white light will turn on, followed by the red and white lights flashing, the left and right earphones will automatically be connected, and when the left/right earphones' white light flashes slowly, open the device's Bluetooth search connection.
Reset the earphones
If the headphones cannot be connected and used normally, please reset them as follows
Earphones: Take the earphones out of the charging box, and in the off state, press and hold the two earphones multi-function keys for 15 seconds, and the red and white lights will flash three times. After that, release and put the earphones back in the charging box (to clear the connection record between the earphones and the phone).
The product accessories, user interface, etc. shown in the manual are all illustrations, and are for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the illustration. Please refer to the actual product.
Commissioner: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Jianxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi ecosystem enterprises)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Puluo Street, Tongliang District, Chongqing
Service hotline: 400-100-5678
For more information about Bento Yoko, please check the sales network: www.micom
Bae Myeong-seob sings: V10reae
Key features
The following functions can be operated on both left and right earphones. When you receive a call, press it lightly to answer the call; when you are on a call or receiving a call, press it lightly to play/pause the audio, and hold it down for about 1 second to release it.
When receiving a call, reject the call and switch to the earphone/handset by double-clicking
During the call, start / stop the mute mode
When idle, turn on the voice assistant (requires device support for voice function and quick wake-up setting is turned on)
Answer the second call and switch the call
When there is a new incoming call during a mobile phone call, you can click the multifunction key to keep the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the multifunction key to switch between two calls.
Basic parameters
Product name: Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Product model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the earphones
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameters: 5V 2 100mA
Single ear net weight: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (in an unobstructed environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5.0
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/ HSP/AVRCP
Call time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
Warning
1 Please do not disassemble, repair or modify the earphones for any reason, otherwise it may cause fire or even completely damage this product;
2 Please do not place the device in an environment with too low or too high temperature;
3 When using the device indicator light, please avoid the eyes of children or animals;
4 Please do not use the device in thunderstorm weather, thunderstorms can cause the device to malfunction and increase the risk of electric shock;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to clean this product;
6 Please do not let this product come into contact with liquid.
Please note
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2. You must choose a charger that has been certified by the national CCC and is produced by a regular manufacturer
3. Long-term continuous use of earphones will damage your hearing, please control the use time and volume reasonably;
4 Using earphones can reduce the perception of external sounds, please do not use earphones in an environment that may threaten safety.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5 1 500mA
Output parameters: 5V at 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Electrical type: lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Warranty
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product After-sales Service
In accordance with the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, after-sales service is provided with a three-pack guarantee. The service content is as follows:
1. Warranty Policy
1. Within 7 days from the date of receipt, if the product has the performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Failure Table", it can be returned or exchanged for free after being confirmed by the after-sales service center of Xiaomi;
Within 8-15 days from the day you receive the product, if the product has a performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Failure Table", it can be confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center.
Within 12 months from the date of receipt, if the product has a performance failure listed in the "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Failure Table", it can be repaired free of charge after being confirmed by the after-sales service center of Xiaomi.
One Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Failure Table
Name Performance failure
1. No sound is heard during use.
The electric toothbrush earphones “2” During the call, the other party cannot hear the sound.
It cannot be charged.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 Unauthorized repair, misuse, collision, negligence, minor use, liquid ingress, accident, modification, incorrect use of non-product accessories or tearing, erasing labels, anti-counterfeiting marks;
2 The warranty period has expired;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4. The situation where the performance failure is not listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Failure Table
5. The product and its accessories suffer from performance failures listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Failure Table" due to human factors.
Name and content of harmful substances in the product
The hazardous substances are compiled based on the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit requirements stipulated in GB/T 26572.
EU summit struggles with refugee policy, EU officials: bottleneck at every step in the reception process - CNTV
The EU summit is in a state of constant dispute over refugee policies, and EU officials say that there are bottlenecks at every step of the reception process
[Global Times correspondent in Belgium, Niurui Fei] According to a report by Agence France-Presse on February 10, at the latest EU summit, European Commission President von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration, which would make it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
According to reports, the EU's move is a response to the growing problem of illegal immigration in Europe. Now, the core problem of the EU is that there are very few illegal immigrants who can ultimately be deported.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize a large amount of EU funds" to strengthen external borders with infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and its member states are still arguing over issues such as the cost of fencing.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly stated that EU funds will not cover the costs.
However, some member states' diplomats said that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers, and other infrastructure along the external border, this would free up national budgets and accelerate the construction process.
According to the European Euractiv website, EU officials admit that there are bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process, and the limited reception capacity and overwhelmed immigration authorities of member states cannot stop refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications in EU countries. The refugee reception system of the EU is in a near "permanent crisis".
According to estimates by the European Commission, the EU's Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half from the previous year.
Meanwhile, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also reached an agreement on a "principle", namely that EU countries can return illegal immigrants to their home countries based on the court rulings of another member country.
In addition, the report states that EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of a safe country", which will pave the way for the EU to establish a common list.
(Source: Global Times, author: Niu Rui Fei)
The United States upgrades the "chip war" and deals a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry - China News
Recently, the US-China "chip war" has shown signs of escalation. First, the Netherlands and Japan, under pressure from the United States, agreed to launch controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; later, foreign media reported that the US government was considering cutting off all links between US suppliers and Huawei, banning US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration was also preparing to issue an executive order to restrict US investment in China's sensitive technology industry... In the early days of 2023, the United States has been using all kinds of tricks to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its actions to curb China's development of "chips". On the one hand, it has carried out precise suppression on the semiconductor production and supply chain in China, and on the other hand, it has formed a semiconductor industry chain alliance to "de-Chinese" the semiconductor industry chain, aiming to completely "shake off" China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to form a "technology alliance" with South Korea, or to establish a "four-party alliance" of chips with South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, China, or to establish a "small circle" of semiconductor industry chain through the "four-party mechanism" of the United States, Japan, India, and Australia, and the "Indo-Pacific Economic Framework", the United States is trying to build a closed production and supply chain dominated by the United States by introducing politicization, factionalization, and weaponization into the semiconductor industry, so as to make up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintain its leading position in the global semiconductor industry.
However, the United States' high-profile "chip war tactics" against China is also "hurt the enemy a thousand times and harm oneself eight hundred times".
Recently, the well-known American chip manufacturing equipment supplier Lam Research announced that it will lay off 1,300 full-time employees and plan to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters, affected by the latest round of export ban on chip manufacturing equipment to China.
The global photolithography giant, ASML Holding NV of the Netherlands, recently warned that the ban on exporting semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to a rise in semiconductor prices.
After the US government imposed arbitrary pressure on China's chip and semiconductor industries, many US companies suffered greatly, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, producers of wafer manufacturing equipment, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The United States' so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has formed a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain.
According to estimates by professionals, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross national borders more than 70 times, and the whole process takes 100 days.
Although the United States has a strong foundation in the semiconductor industry, it is relatively weak in manufacturing capabilities, especially in advanced process technologies, and is heavily dependent on the East Asian region.
Even if the United States tries to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain towards the regionalization led by the United States, the regional distribution and mutual dependence of the global semiconductor industry will be difficult to change.
The United States has vigorously “reshaped” and “de-Chinese-ized” the semiconductor industry chain, causing serious damage to the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the future industry in the world, and the development of the chip industry cannot be separated from the joint participation of all countries in the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively issuing the Innovation and Competition Act, the 2022 US Competition Act, and the Chips and Science Act, using technological hegemony to consolidate its technological leadership; it has used both carrots and sticks to lure Intel, TSMC, Samsung and other chip manufacturers to set up factories in the United States, and has made every effort to ensure the United States' global leadership in the chip field.
In the short term, the United States has indeed caused trouble for China's chip industry and related industries, and has gained real benefits.
However, in the long run, the United States' hysterical suppression will force China's chip industry to break through again and again, causing the United States to lose the huge Chinese market. Ultimately, it will greatly weaken the innovation will and innovation ability of American technology enterprises, and harm the development of the global chip industry.
Gao Qiao
The first batch of personal pension financial products are on sale, with a minimum holding period of 360 days - China News Network
The first batch of personal pension financial products are on sale
7 products are available for selection in the home institution. The shortest period is only 360 days.
Personal retirement pension financial products have finally been launched.
On February 10, China Finance Network released the first batch of personal pension fund financial products, and 7 personal pension fund financial products from ICBC Wealth Management, Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management, and China Postal Savings Bank Wealth Management were officially launched.
At this point, the "shelf" of personal pension accounts has finally collected four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension wealth management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public fund.
According to the introduction, the first batch of personal pension financial products are all publicly offered net value type open-ended products, including 5 new products and 2 existing products. Except for 1 product which is a mixed type product, the other 6 products are all fixed income type products.
The reporter from Beijing Youth Daily saw that among the 5 newly issued products, 4 were from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which were fixed income products, with the shortest holding period being 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days, respectively. The corresponding performance benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, and 5.25% - 5.75%, respectively.
The remaining new product is "Postal Silver Wealth Addition·Hongjin Shortest Holding Period 1095 Days 1", which is also a fixed income product. It began to collect on February 10 and ended on February 19. The risk level is level 2.
Among the two existing products, one is the Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management “Agricultural Bank of China Same Heart·Lingdong” 360-day Science and Technology Innovation Renminbi Wealth Management Product, which is a mixed type with a risk level of three.
Another existing product is "Postal Silver Wealth Addition·Hongjin Shortest Holding Period 365 Days 1", a fixed income type, which began to collect on December 30 last year, officially operated on January 4 this year, and the cumulative net value on February 8 was 1.0011.
According to the "Opinions of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Personal Pension Funds", the financial products that can be invested in the personal pension fund account include bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, publicly offered funds, etc.
The first batch of personal pension fund financial products was launched, marking that personal pension fund investors can officially purchase financial products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the Interim Measures for the Management of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Asset Management Companies.
The Regulations stipulate that participants can purchase personal retirement savings, personal retirement financial products, personal retirement insurance products, personal retirement public fund products, etc. through their personal retirement savings fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice, clarifying that the personal pension system will be launched and implemented in 36 pilot cities and regions, including Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei Shijiazhuang, Xiong'an New Area, Shanxi Jinzhong City, and other cities.
As of the end of 2022, the number of participants in personal pension funds was 19.54 million, the number of payers was 6.13 million, and the total amount of contributions was 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot only listed three types of products: personal retirement savings, personal retirement insurance products, and personal retirement public fund products.
Now that personal retirement pension financial products have been gathered together, how should investors choose?
Experts from the Jiangyin Finance Product Development Department said that compared with other personal retirement products, the retirement financial products and personal retirement financial products in the pilot phase all have three characteristics.
First, stability, the risk management mechanism is more complete, the investment strategy and philosophy are more stable, and third-party independent custody is implemented outside the parent bank.
Second, it is long-term. The maturity period of the pilot retirement financial products is all over 5 years, and the minimum holding period of the personal retirement financial products to be issued next is 1 year, and it is encouraged to hold for more than 3 years.
Third, it is inclusive, with a low threshold for purchasing products, with a minimum purchase amount of 1 yuan, and some as low as 0.01 yuan. The custody fee, management fee, and other fees for the products are also more favorable.
Experts pointed out that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the product and their own risk tolerance.
Personal retirement savings have the characteristics of long term, high interest rate, and high safety, which are suitable for people with low risk tolerance; personal retirement insurance products focus on protection, which is more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; while personal retirement financial products and public fund products do not guarantee principal and return, have certain investment risks, but have higher expected returns, which are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk tolerance.
Written by reporter Cheng Jie, coordinated by Ji Haibo
The fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust - China News Network
Another large gym "explodes"?
Recently, the issue of member rights protection of Zhonghe Fitness, a well-known fitness institution, has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their local store was not operating normally. Subsequently, rumors about the closure and running away of the institution caused panic among members, leading to the intervention of the public security and human resources departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the institution responded, promising to strive to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the storm was finally calmed.
Some branches of individual fitness institutions have encountered business problems and have been temporarily closed. Consumers could have waited calmly for the problems to be resolved, but why is the first reaction of many members "something is not right"?
Behind the wave of member rights protection in fitness clubs, there is a deeper problem of industry trust crisis.
Traditional gyms in China generally adopt a prepaid model, and “making money from users who do not come” is the underlying logic of their development.
Through the pre-sale of membership cards, cash flow is obtained, new stores are constantly opened, and it seems that a cycle can be formed, but in fact, it is like eating breakfast and lunch, and it is impossible to form a stable profit model.
Negative information about the fitness industry, such as gyms running away, has been frequently reported, causing a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the market prospect, fitness clubs are certainly a good business with a "money-making" opportunity.
Although the fitness track has its ups and downs, it has always been the focus of capital.
Data from various sources shows that the popularity of sports and leisure consumption is on the rise, and the market is continuing to recover.
Specifically in the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards and the deepening of the concept of healthy living, the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the development of quality.
However, some institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption, and have just emerged from the crisis, they have sounded the horn to expand and develop, and have poured all the financing funds into the construction of new stores.
It is undeniable that in recent years, due to the impact of the pandemic, many institutions have withdrawn, and the industry has undergone a reshuffle. At this time, strong enterprises have chosen to increase their acquisition efforts and reposition themselves selectively. This is certainly a new opportunity.
However, in order for the fitness market to enter a virtuous cycle and embark on a steady and far-reaching path, the industry must change its traditional model and change its business strategy.
Only by being steady and persistent, and by re-establishing the trust and sense of security of consumers, can we truly win the market and the future.
Compared to the rush to open new stores to seize the market, the fitness industry currently needs to calm down and optimize services, and stabilize users through high-quality development.
First of all, we need to rely on services to retain users.
Gyms belong to the service industry, and their essence is to adhere to "user orientation", which means that they must closely focus on user needs and place the emphasis of their operations on improving the quality of services.
Second, we need to improve the user experience through digital transformation.
For example, the popular Internet gym model nowadays, which allows users to pay per session and choose their own venue.
At the same time, body data and exercise data can be effectively utilized, and social needs can be met, achieving a complete service loop from online to offline.
There are no private coaches selling, no huge annual cards, users' worries about gyms "running away" have been reduced, and trust has been enhanced.
In addition, we must actively explore diversified business models.
Today, sports consumption has shifted from single services to scene consumption. Fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption, and peripheral products such as sports supplements and fitness equipment that are needed for fitness are expected to become new profit points, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianjiao
Buy at a discount!
The real estate market in Nanjing has once again seen "difference in price compensation" - China News Network
Yangzi Evening News (Reporter: Ma Zhibo) Yangzi Evening News/Zi Niu News reporters found during an interview on the 10th that the "price protection agreement" that had not been seen for more than ten years had returned to the Nanjing real estate market. A property in the Jiangbei New Area claimed to offer "difference compensation", with the discounts for other properties being greater than before, and the developer was willing to exchange and refund the difference for home buyers.
The conditions of the "price protection agreement" are not few
This project, located in the Jiangbei New Area, is called Poly Yanziji Yuntai. Mr. Sun, who came to view the property, told reporters that he found a "statement" when he was looking at the property last weekend.
The pictures sent by the developer to the reporter show that the developer promised that if the buyer purchased the property between February 1 and February 28, the developer would exchange the property and refund the difference if the discount of other properties in the project was greater than the discount enjoyed by the buyer (limited to other unsold properties in the same type of property, the same floor, the same unit, and the same type of property).
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this was actually a "price protection agreement", which was intended to make buyers feel at ease and not worry about the developer reducing the price to promote sales. "Now I'm afraid that I'll buy it and it will be reduced in price, I don't have time to go to the sales office and make a fuss, and if I don't make a fuss, it's really heartbreaking."
There are also many home buyers who believe that the "price protection agreement" is a "pacifier" for home buyers, but the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who plans to buy a starter home in the north of the city, said that the first requirement for a property with a price guarantee is that it must be the same type of property, and it must be in the same building and unit. There are few properties available for buyers to compare prices, so the "threshold" is still quite high.
Some home buyers also believe that due to information asymmetry, additional discounts may be offered during the sales period, making it difficult for buyers to "defend their rights".
Whether or not home buyers can be retained remains to be seen
The reporter searched on the Nanjing online real estate and found that the project sold 252 units in November last year, including 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc. The average selling price of the fully decorated units was 39843 yuan/㎡.
However, more than two months have passed, and the online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the project is currently 157 units, accounting for 62.3%, of which 8th building has a total of 128 units, with 113 unsold units, 7th building has 44 unsold units out of 124 units, and the total number of transactions in the project is only 33 units, accounting for only 13%.
Market insiders said that the "price protection agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, the Xiangtan West Garden in Huangshan Road, Xi'an, launched the "Price Protection Plan" to attract buyers. The specific content was "the company solemnly promises that if the project's discount range expands within one year, the company will refund the difference to the old owners".
In April 2011, nine real estate projects in Nanjing also promised to pay a "difference compensation" for some of their properties.
“The property market is recovering, and we need a ‘stimulant’ now more than ever.
"The 'price protection agreement' is also one of the marketing methods of real estate companies," said Mr. Shen, a senior real estate operator in Nanjing.
He believes that developers need more confidence than home buyers now, and the launch of the "price protection agreement" is actually a way to boost their confidence.
As for whether home buyers can be retained, he said that this depends on the impact of multiple factors such as control policies and loan thresholds, and it remains to be observed at present.
Multiple data declines, Taiwan's economy has a poor start to the year - Zhongxin Net
Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, February 11 (Reporters Zhao Bo, Huang Yang) The export trade volume has “five consecutive blacks”, the manufacturing purchasing manager index (PMI) has contracted for seven consecutive months, and the consumer price index (CPI) has seen “3 digits” again… Recently, the Taiwan authorities have successively released economic data for January 2023.
According to expert analysis, Taiwan's economic performance at the beginning of the year was poor, and the pressure to grow was not small.
According to the financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities, the export of the Taiwan region in January this year was 31.51 billion US dollars, a year-on-year decrease of 21.2%, and it was the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export volume of 11 major export items has declined compared to the same period last year.
The decline in the production of plastic and rubber products and optical equipment was the most significant, with a year-on-year decrease of 37.6% and 35.7%, respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell by 20.1%, the largest decline in 11 years.
Among them, integrated circuits fell by 18.3%, the largest drop in 14 years.
The head of the statistics department, Cai Mina, said that this shows the spread of the weakening effect of consumer electronics demand, and the electronics industry is entering a correction period.
Statistics show that in January, Taiwan's imports and exports fell, with only 2.34 billion US dollars in excess, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The Taiwan authorities' financial affairs department believes that global terminal demand has decreased, industry adjustment inventory has suppressed manufacturers' willingness to purchase materials, the export downturn is difficult to see improvement in the short term, and Taiwan's export recession this year is likely to be higher than expected.
According to the Taiwanese China Economic Research Institute, the Taiwanese manufacturing purchasing manager index (PMI) after seasonal adjustment was 40.4% in January this year, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, and has contracted for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring indicator system, the PMI is a dividing line at 50%, with an index greater than 50% indicating expansion and less than 50% indicating contraction.
In January, among the five components of the Taiwan PMI, new orders, production and human resources employment contracted, supplier delivery times decreased, and inventory contracted.
All six industries returned a PMI contraction, with the industries ranked by contraction speed being the power and mechanical equipment industry (35.1%), the electronic and optical industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), the basic raw material industry (42.4%), the transportation equipment industry (42.6%), and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the Taiwan authorities' "General Accounting Office" announced that Taiwan's CPI annual growth rate in January this year was 3.04%, which has exceeded 3% since July last year.
Among them, the price of vegetables soared by 28.25%, setting a new high in 17 months.
The special committee member of the Taiwan "General Accounting Office" admitted that the price of vegetables has indeed risen beyond expectations. Excluding the Spring Festival factor, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year. Inflation pressure still exists and is still at a high point.
Looking at Taiwan's economy this year, experts are pessimistic, according to reports from Taiwanese media such as "United Daily News" and "Yahoo Finance".
Wu Da Ren, a professor at the Department of Economics at Central University in Taiwan, analyzed that the export recession may cause cash flow problems for export manufacturers, and the risk of default on debts will increase.
At the same time, the decrease in orders has led to a reduction in labor costs for manufacturers, affecting the labor market and household economy, which in turn has an impact on consumption capacity.
According to Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, the inflation situation in Europe and the United States has not been resolved, and demand continues to decline. It is estimated that the decline in Taiwan's exports will continue into the first half of the year.
As Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, the overall economic growth this year will be lower than last year due to the sluggish export performance.
“An important engine for global recovery” - China News Network
In the face of the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic, the Chinese economy has shown strong resilience.
Recent market expectations indicate that the international community generally has a positive view of China's future development.
"The current epidemic prevention and control in China has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released," said Liu Xiaoming, a well-known Chinese expert on China and honorary consultant of the China Policy Observatory, in an interview with the reporter of this newspaper.
Liu said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China has calmly responded with its extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully demonstrating its economic resilience and management level.
While China has been unwaveringly expanding its opening up to the outside world, the endogenous driving force of economic development has been continuously strengthened, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises have been developing together.
Every year, the National People's Congress of China is held, and the representatives and members discuss the country's development plans and hot-button issues related to people's livelihoods. They widely gather consensus, unite people's hearts, and gather wisdom, adding strength to China's development.
Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development, and has now entered the stage of high-quality development.
The international community is looking forward to China's wisdom and China's solutions, and is looking forward to China's development bringing new opportunities to the world.
"China is currently fully promoting scientific and technological innovation, injecting new impetus into economic and social development," said Liu. "The investment of funds, the cultivation of talents, and the incentive policies have made China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan."
In Leo's view, economic system reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has taken active measures to stabilize the economy, taking advantage of the strengths of the market economy and the superiority of the socialist system.
Based on the strategic point of expanding domestic demand, we will increase financial support for the real economy, support the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, and the manufacturing industry, adhere to innovative development, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the diversified consumption needs of the people... China will fully, accurately, and comprehensively implement the new development concept, focus on promoting high-quality development, build a new development pattern, and will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the proposal of the Belt and Road Initiative.
“The stabilization and recovery of the post-pandemic economy is the common goal of the international community.
The potential for economic development in China is continuously being released, which will bring more benefits to all countries in the world and become an important driving force for global recovery.
"I look forward to the continued development of the Belt and Road Initiative, which will play an important role in improving the infrastructure of all countries and strengthening interconnection in various fields, and will continue to unleash greater potential," said Liu.
(Madrid, Spain)
(People's Daily, reporter: Yán Huān)
Report: The number of returning students seeking jobs in China reached a new high in 2022 - China News
Job-seeking Chinese students returning to China in 2022 Top 10 countries before studying abroad Source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
According to the "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") recently released, the number of graduates returning to China in 2022 increased by 8.6% compared to the previous year, and the number of returnees seeking employment in China reached a new high. The demand for overseas talent in Chinese enterprises also showed an upward trend.
The report points out that since 2020, the number of returnees seeking jobs in China has increased significantly, and the number of returning students seeking jobs has increased.
Compared with 2021, the number of graduating students in 2022 increased by 8.6%, and the number of returning students seeking jobs in China reached a new high.
In terms of the distribution of countries where international students returned to find jobs, the United Kingdom had the highest proportion, accounting for 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), which was consistent with the ranking in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth, the number of new graduates from Malaysia, Japan, and Singapore increased significantly in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9%, and 37.7%, respectively.
The number of freshmen from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia has decreased compared to last year.
Trends in the supply and demand of overseas returnees in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023. Source: 2022 China Overseas Returnees Employment Survey Report
The survey shows that 58% of the students who decided to return to China believe that "life in China is more convenient", 40% decided to return to China because they "identify more with the cultural environment in China", 32% believe that "there are more job opportunities in China", 22% believe that economic activities in China will accelerate recovery, and they can get more job opportunities.
Data shows that the demand for overseas talent among domestic enterprises is rapidly releasing, and the demand for overseas returnees is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of positions prioritizing overseas returnees and the number of overseas returnees seeking jobs in China both showed an upward trend. The number of positions prioritizing overseas returnees on February 3 increased by 11% compared to January 28, and the number of overseas returnees seeking jobs increased by 27%.
In terms of industries, in the priority positions for returnees in 2022, the proportion of positions from the education/training industry was 27.8%, ranking first, followed by professional services/consulting and the Internet/e-commerce industry with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
The number of returnees seeking employment in China has changed in recent years. Source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary for priority positions for returnees has been on the rise for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month in 2022 (RMB, the same below), an increase of 961 yuan or 7% compared to 13,719 yuan/month in 2021.
In terms of regions, the willingness of the 2022 overseas returnee group to develop in new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier and below cities has all increased. The proportion of applications in 2022 was 31%, 15.7%, and 14.3%, respectively, all higher than the proportion of applications in 2021.
Regarding the benefits of studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said that they basically met their expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared to last year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said that their income was higher or much higher than expected, which is higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(完)
Half the cost or even more?
Henan Province regulates and integrates the prices of dental implant medical services - China News Network
CCTV News: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many people with missing teeth, but the high price of over ten thousand yuan per tooth has always made many patients hesitate.
Since this year, with the acceleration of the collection of implanted teeth, the reduction of the price of implanted teeth has been put on the agenda in various places.
From February 10, the price of conventional implant dental services in Henan Province will be fully controlled at 4300 yuan, and the cost of conventional implant dental services will not exceed 97% of the control target.
Dental implants are a method of tooth replacement that involves placing a titanium post into the jawbone to support a replacement tooth.
The reporter learned from Zhengzhou University First Affiliated Hospital that, for example, the price of a single conventional implant is about 16,700 yuan from planting to final repair.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that for a case like mine, it would be about 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, and I could save about half.
Based on the current projects, Henan Province has also integrated and determined the prices of 15 dental implantation services, such as "implantation fee (per tooth)", and unified the prices of provincial-managed public medical institutions and medical insurance payment categories, and cancelled or adjusted the prices of 20 medical services, such as dental implantation.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Department of Medical Price and Bidding of Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are the four parties. One is medical insurance, which has reduced its expenses; the pressure on hospitals has been reduced, and patients will increase appropriately; suppliers have gained a market; and patients are the biggest beneficiaries, as the cost of implanting a tooth may be reduced by half or even more.
Shenzhen: Building the first and leading super-fast pioneer city in China and the world - Zhongxin Net
According to the news from the "Shenzhen Industrial and Information Bureau" WeChat public account on the 10th, the Shenzhen Industrial and Information Bureau recently issued the "Shenzhen City Extreme Pioneer City Construction Action Plan".
It proposes that by the end of 2023, a super broadband network with high speed, large capacity, and low latency will be built, achieving the network construction goal of “double gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and everything connected”, and building the first super fast pioneer city in China and a world-leading city.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of the gigabit optical network.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The Plan requires comprehensive improvement of the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Research and develop standards for the quality of 5G network services in Shenzhen, conduct 5G network testing and evaluation, and improve the quality of 5G network services.
Support basic telecommunications enterprises to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places, add 10,000 5G base stations throughout the year, the average download speed in the whole city reaches 500Mbps, the upload speed reaches 100Mbps, the download speed in key areas reaches 1000Mbps, the upload speed reaches 200Mbps, the network speed and user experience are greatly improved.
Build a high-quality wireless local area network at the city level.
Establish standards for wireless local area network (WLAN) services in public places, promote the upgrading of WLAN in areas with high population density and concentrated information consumption needs in all districts of the city, and provide gigabit access capabilities.
Leveraging the construction of the "Shen I Network", a unified authentication and management platform for public wireless local area networks in the city will be built, realizing "one-time authentication, seamless roaming, and intelligent switching", and supporting the inclusion of self-built APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities in the authentication and management platform by the operating entities.
By the end of 2023, the total number of APs connected will be upgraded to no less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan proposes to build a high-quality all-optical network, construct a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and improve the capability of Internet application services.
The Plan clearly states that a collaborative IoT perception system will be built.
Explore the construction and management model of urban perception terminals based on the "open source Hongmeng" operating system, reduce the cost of docking, accelerate the construction of urban-level IoT perception platforms, and promote the interconnection and interoperability of urban IoT platforms, industry-specific IoT platforms, and data networks.
Deepen the application of IoT sensing in urban management, public services, public security, and transportation, and expand the channels for fixed sensing of urban roads, buildings, and public facilities, as well as mobile sensing of smart networked vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity, and gas IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The Plan also mentions strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communication applications, laying out the low-altitude network infrastructure, and promoting the deep coverage of the 5G network at sea.
At the same time, we will promote the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, build an ecosystem for industrial innovation and development, and support the holding of top-level competitions and activities.
(China News Finance)
The Chinese e-commerce industry has emerged with a “new variable”, how can live streaming achieve “content is king”?
-China News Network
On February 11, the following article was published on the website of the China News Service: “New variables emerge in China’s e-commerce industry, how can live streaming achieve “content is king”?”
China News Finance Reporter Xia Bin
“We entered the e-commerce industry late, but we realized from the very beginning that content is very important if we want to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fangfang, a "90s" girl from Guangdong, is now running a supplementary food store on Douyin e-commerce, making an offline store with a history of more than 30 years "bloom" online.
Imitating the old Hong Kong film style, accompanied by classic Cantonese songs, opening the @Fangfang One Person Eating Douyin account, the exquisite videos are refreshing to the eyes and ears.
At the recent Douyin E-commerce “Find Companions · Quality Content Sharing Session”, Fangfang, as a representative of quality creators, spoke on stage and shared her experiences and feelings about daily creation.
She said on the spot: "The carefully crafted video has gained a lot of attention from netizens, and many people are interested in the ingredients in my home, and want to cook delicious food with me. The market has opened up all at once."
“
Fangfang relied on cooking soup videos to make more people fall in love with the "taste of the old man", and a live broadcast sold up to 300,000 pieces of health food, saving the old store on the verge of bankruptcy.
“No content, no e-commerce”, as short videos and live broadcast e-commerce continue to develop, people’s requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of live streaming, live streaming rooms often used low-priced discounts to attract users, and the price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal big Vs such as Liu Yonghong and Dongfang Jianshe, as well as many lesser-known influencers and merchants who have emerged in vertical subdivisions. They have improved their long-term business performance by continuously creating high-quality content that matches their brand personality.
According to the introduction by Gao Ya Xuan, the person in charge of the operation of the Douyin e-commerce star authors, in the past year, 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through Douyin e-commerce, and their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and the total transaction amount has doubled.
"Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving and vibrant author ecosystem.
"Gao Yaxuan said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the "E-commerce Industry Content Ecosystem Health Index (ECHI) Report", which analyzed the current "new variables" in the e-commerce industry - the importance of high-quality content - from the data dimension, and used the index to evaluate the content ecosystem of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China.
According to the e-commerce industry content ecology health index ranking in the above report, Douyin e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com ranked in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology in the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept, which is to integrate e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional production content) and UGC (user-generated content) are the high-quality carriers for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce embedding, the stronger the commercial value, and the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption distributed in the public and private domains.
On the spot, Yue Guomin, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and the chairman of the China Media Economy and Management Committee, made an analysis and interpretation of the report.
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from the "consumer accessibility" stage to the "consumer quality" stage. High-quality, professional, and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the fundamental and key to the new stage of e-commerce development. Knowledge payment, professional knowledge, KOL (key opinion leader) and other PGC content have begun to become the standard in e-commerce live broadcasting.
Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yuchunming made two suggestions.
One is from the perspective of improving the content structure, promoting the overall improvement of the health and quality of the e-commerce content ecology, building positive content creation and management standards, and realizing the dynamic balance of the health index of the e-commerce industry content ecology.
The other is from the perspective of the external ecology, to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value coordination and co-creation of the external environment.
"The e-commerce industry in the future still needs more data and artificial intelligence support to form a prediction of the stability of future development; in addition, provide more standardized and healthy growth space for merchants, realize the value coordination of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and jointly create a healthy content ecology.
”(完)
The financing and securities lending business of the North Exchange will start next week - www.chinanews.com
News from the Beijing Stock Exchange (Reporter: Sun Jie) Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange announced that, after approval by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will officially start on February 13. At that time, securities companies that have obtained the margin trading business qualification of the Beijing Stock Exchange can accept investor orders and apply for margin trading business at the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The first batch of 56 financing and securities target stocks was determined based on January 31, 2023 as the calculation base day.
The North Exchange said that the list of stocks for financing and margin trading and the list of securities that can be used to offset margin will be published through the "Information Disclosure - Financing and Margin Trading Information" column on the official website of the North Exchange, making it convenient for investors to inquire.
Financing and securities lending is an important basic institution in the securities market, and is also a relatively mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2nd last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of its establishment, the North Exchange publicly solicited opinions on margin financing and securities lending business.
The launch of financing and securities lending transactions on the North Exchange is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system of the North Exchange, improve the trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The financing and securities lending system is conducive to enriching investors' trading strategies, meeting investors' diverse trading needs, promoting market price discovery, and further improving market liquidity.
Next, the North Exchange will continue to do a good job in all aspects of financing and securities business under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, enrich the trading system tools based on investor needs, improve the related supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange that serves innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Comprehensive Forum was held in Beijing. He Li-feng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11th, The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Comprehensive Forum was held in Beijing on February 11th in a combination of online and offline.
He Lifeng, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the meeting in Bangkok, and to strengthen cooperation in green development between China and Japan.
China will comprehensively implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, accelerate the green transformation of development methods, deepen the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote the peak carbon and carbon neutrality, coordinate the reduction of carbon, pollution, and the expansion of greenery, promote ecological priority, conservation, and green low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue deepening cooperation in green low-carbon industries, technology cooperation, policy dialogue and cultural exchanges, and promote the continuous advancement of green development cooperation between the two countries.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry, Hiroshi Kajiyama, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the Japan-China Economic Association. It included a main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency, electric and intelligent vehicles, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from the governments, enterprises, and institutions of China and Japan exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operations in Turkey and has rescued 4 trapped people - China News
According to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team searching for survivors in Turkey dispatched three action teams and 45 rescue team members to rescue one trapped person.
At the same time, two search and assessment teams were dispatched to assess and search the 15 buildings on Vodabash Street.
As of now, a total of 4 people have been rescued, 5 people have been found dead, and 25 severely collapsed buildings have been assessed for signs of life and risk.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the situation at the rescue site, and continue to carry out rescue work in a deep and thorough manner.
The rescue team obtains rescue requests through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and United Nations rescue organizations, and verifies them one by one through online inquiries, on-site searches, and other methods.
Introduce the current rescue environment and building collapse to the Hong Kong Rescue Team, and conduct joint search operations.
Currently, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team, and three members of the team are dispatched to participate in the work of the 5th regional rescue coordination center, communicating with the Italian, British, Serbian, Slovak, Omani and other teams, and understanding the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and the rescue teams of various countries.
The rescue team has continuously strengthened safety management and team protection, and according to the principle of "unified command, safety first", strengthened safety management at the rescue site, strengthened the requirements of rescue work discipline, and clarified safety precautions.
Continuously implement the duty rotation and post system, and strengthen the safety management of the camp.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide health check-ups for team members every day, strengthen the medical protection of key personnel, and the entire rescue team is currently healthy, and they are carrying out disinfection in the camp.
Since the establishment of the self-built base, the logistics support team has set up 26 tents of four types, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical disinfection, living quarters, and dog kennels, and provided more than 30 sets of field rescue equipment.
Commentator from Xinhua News Agency: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project - Fourth discussion on deeply understanding the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing February 11th
Commentator from Xinhua News Agency
“Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires coordination and balance, systematic planning, and overall promotion. It is necessary to correctly handle a series of major relationships, such as top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, adhering to tradition and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and self-improvement, and opening up to the outside world.
At the opening ceremony of the study seminar for the newly elected members, alternate members and provincial and ministerial level leading cadres of the Central Committee to study and implement Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the rules of modernization construction, deeply and systematically explained a series of major relations that need to be handled in practice, and provided us with scientific methods for vigorously promoting Chinese-style modernization.
The promotion of Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization. It is related to the governance of the party, the country, and the military, as well as internal and external affairs, national defense, and other aspects. It requires systematic planning and the courage to reform and innovate, and continuous overall promotion.
Top-level design requires a profound understanding of the trend of world development, an accurate grasp of the common aspirations of the people, an in-depth exploration of the laws of economic and social development, and the formulation of plans and policies that reflect the times, grasp the laws, and are creative, coordinated, and integrated.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are many unknown areas that need to be boldly explored in practice, and the development of the undertaking must be promoted through reform and innovation, and must not be stagnant and conservative.
Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must strengthen the strategic foresight, so as to scientifically predict the future and lead the future; we must strengthen the strategic overallness, so as to solve the major problems that affect the rise and fall of the party and the country; we must strengthen the strategic stability, so as to persist in the long run, persevere to the end, and achieve good results.
We must scientifically grasp the dialectical unity of strategy and tactics, organically combine the principled nature of strategy with the flexibility of tactics, and flexibly adapt, respond to changes, and make decisions in a timely manner, so as to seize the strategic initiative in accordance with local conditions, respond to changes in the situation, and take advantage of the situation.
The Chinese nation is a nation that upholds tradition and innovates.
We must handle the relationship between upholding tradition and innovation well. We must uphold the essence, source, root, and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, fundamental requirements, and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, and place innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country. We must adapt to the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively adapt to changes, seek changes, and promote reform and innovation vigorously. We must continuously create new driving forces and advantages for development, fully unleash the creativity of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation for fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee for efficiency.
We are promoting Chinese-style modernization, which is to create higher efficiency than capitalism, and to maintain social fairness more effectively, so as to better achieve the balance, mutual promotion and unification of efficiency and fairness.
We must handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness, continuously achieve development for the people, rely on the people for development, and share the development results with the people, so that the achievements of modernization can benefit the people more fairly and equally.
To promote modernization with Chinese characteristics, we need to handle the relationship between vitality and order well, so that society is both vibrant and stable.
We must coordinate the development and security of the two major issues, implement the overall national security concept, strengthen the national security system, enhance the ability to maintain national security, and firmly maintain the security of the state power, institutional security, ideological security, and key areas.
While taking security factors into greater consideration in development, we will enhance national security through development, use the results of development to consolidate the foundation of national security, and create a security environment conducive to economic and social development, continuously unleash development vitality, and achieve healthy interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must adhere to our own path, broaden our worldview, insist on opening up to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must adhere to independence, self-reliance, and self-strengthening, put the development of the country and the nation on the foundation of our own strength, and firmly grasp the destiny of our country's development and progress in our own hands.
We must continuously expand high-level opening up to the outside world, deeply participate in global industrial division and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the space for China's modernization, share development opportunities in mutual benefit and win-win, and create a better future together.
Follow the way, and you will go far.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, and guided by the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, seize the rules, persevere, fully mobilize our enthusiasm, initiative, and creativity, correctly handle a series of major relations, strive hard on the new journey of building a socialist modernized country, and continuously open up a new realm of Chinese-style modernization.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) The Biden administration will add six Chinese entities suspected of being involved in the spy balloon plan to the blacklist on Friday (February 10).
The US Department of Commerce said that these five Chinese companies and one research institution help modernize the Chinese military, especially in aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
Companies listed on the blacklist find it difficult to obtain US technology exports.
The list is called the "entity list," and companies on the list will not be able to purchase technology or goods from US suppliers unless they obtain a special export license from the US Department of Commerce.
The companies listed in the blacklist are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Science and Technology Co., Ltd., China Electronics Technology Group 48th Research Institute, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Eagle Gate Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanxi Eagle Gate Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to this, the White House said it was considering taking broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger-scale surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident has caused further tension between China and the United States, and US Secretary of State Blinken has canceled his visit to China.
On February 4, the United States shot down a balloon, and the Chinese government made a serious representation to the US Embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously undermining and damaging the efforts and progress of the two sides in stabilizing Sino-US relations.
Based on the available debris evidence and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the US government has concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon is "directly related to the People's Liberation Army of China" and is an approved supplier of the Chinese military.
At a press conference on Friday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said that China had explained the situation and clarified its position on the accidental entry of a Chinese unmanned aerial vehicle into US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the US Congress were purely political manipulation and hype.
China is strongly dissatisfied and firmly opposed to this.
Matthew Axelrod, the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Enforcement, said: "Today's action demonstrates our joint efforts to identify and stop China's use of spy balloons, which violate the airspace of the United States and more than 40 other countries.
“
According to a report by Reuters, an employee of Guangzhou Tianhai Xiangyun Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said that he was not aware of the sanctions and refused to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States has not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Statement: All content in this article is protected by copyright law, and may not be used without the express permission of Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will lead to recovery and criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) It has been several days since the earthquake occurred in parts of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is becoming increasingly slim. However, the rescue of a family of five on Saturday has brought great relief to the rescue workers.
According to the Associated Press, in Nurdai town, a disaster-stricken area in Gadzhi-Antep province, this family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days.
Rescue workers first pulled out the mother and daughter from a pile of rubble, and then found the father, but he insisted on rescuing his son and another daughter first.
After they were all rescued, cheers erupted from the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmarash, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued in harsh winter weather conditions.
“What day is it today?”
"——This young man, who was trapped under the rubble for 129 hours, asked the rescuers who saved him how they did it.
A man from Kahramanmaraş holds his cat, who has just been rescued
The miraculous success of the rescue operation has brought a glimmer of hope to the already hopeless search and rescue work, but at the same time, the number of fatalities is constantly increasing.
According to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has caused more than 20,000 deaths in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be more than 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive for more than a week after being trapped in the rubble, the hope of finding more survivors has become increasingly bleak.
Rescue workers are still using thermal imaging cameras to search for signs of life under the rubble.
Meanwhile, the focus of the rescue work began to shift to helping those survivors who were in urgent need of rescue.
UN officials: a disaster "unprecedented in a century" in the region
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference in Turkey that the earthquake was the "worst disaster in the region in a century."
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "unusual".
He also told Reuters that he hoped to provide aid to areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but said that the matter was "not yet clear".
The United Nations has pledged to provide an additional $25 million in relief aid to the people affected by the earthquake in Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced that it would allocate $25 million to aid relief efforts in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
The Great Chilean Earthquake (1960)
On May 22, 1960, at 3:11 p.m. local time, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a magnitude of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was reduced to rubble.
A massive tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the coast of Chile, causing a tsunami with waves as high as 25 meters.
The tsunami reached as far as Japan and the Philippines.
The number of fatalities and economic losses caused by such a disaster cannot be accurately known.
The most destructive earthquakes in the world in the past 60 years
The Great Alaskan Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, which was also Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, USA, with a magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Great Alaskan Earthquake was still the third largest earthquake in the world since records began.
When the earthquake occurred, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate ruptured near the Prince William Sound and the College Fjord.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted from 3 to 5 minutes.
The seafloor displacement caused a huge tsunami, with a height of 67 meters.
Because it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
This earthquake ultimately resulted in the deaths of 139 people.
Among them, 9 people died directly in the earthquake, and 130 people died in the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above occurred in Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China, within 16 hours.
The epicenter was 23 kilometers below the ground.
The entire city of Tangshan was cut off from transportation, communication, water supply, and electricity, and was instantly reduced to a wasteland.
The capital Beijing, 140 kilometers away, also had a strong tremor.
According to official statistics, in all the affected areas including Beijing and Tianjin, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries.
The Tangshan earthquake became the second most deadly earthquake in China's recorded history, second only to the Jiajing earthquake in 1556.
However, overseas scientists estimate that this earthquake may have caused the deaths of at least 650,000 people.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
The Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers off the west coast of Aceh Province, Sumatra Island, Indonesia. The earthquake had a depth of 30 kilometers and a magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with waves as high as 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, including the worst-hit areas such as Aceh Province in Indonesia, Phuket and Pattaya in Thailand, Sri Lanka and Tamil Nadu in India.
It was the peak tourist season for Christmas, and the disaster-stricken areas were crowded with tourists and local residents. As a result, many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and local people working on the seaside were swept away by the tsunami, making many people missing in this earthquake.
It is estimated that at least 300,000 people died and went missing.
The most destructive earthquakes in the world in the past 60 years
Wenchuan earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in Wenchuan, Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the surface wave magnitude of this earthquake was 8.2, and the moment magnitude was 8.3, with a damage area of over 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake caused 69,227 deaths, 17,923 missing, 374,643 injured to varying degrees, 199,303 people lost their homes, and the total affected population reached 46,256 million people.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and also the most deadly since the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12th of each year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Reduction Day, to strengthen education for the public and pay attention to disaster prevention and reduction work.
Afterwards, governments and primary and secondary schools in many parts of China hold earthquake drills on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to pay attention to popularizing "earthquake disaster reduction" education.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, a 7.0-magnitude earthquake occurred in Haiti, a Caribbean island country.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti, and the hypocenter was about 13 kilometers below the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that the earthquake affected about 3 million people.
The Haitian government has confirmed that more than 200,000 people have died.
In some areas of Haiti, up to 90% of the houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
Although the international community has provided a large amount of aid and support, this impoverished country, where overpopulation and corruption run rampant, has never recovered from this disaster.
The most destructive earthquakes in the world in the past 60 years
The Great East Japan Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large-scale earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 occurred in the offshore area of the northeastern part of Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture, and the depth of the earthquake was measured at 24 kilometers. It also triggered a huge tsunami with a maximum run-up of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake is the first earthquake with a magnitude greater than 9 since Japan began keeping records.
About 22,000 people died in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant suffered a leakage accident due to the earthquake and tsunami.
This accident was classified as the most serious level 7 on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident resulted in the measurement of trace amounts of radioactive substances worldwide, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (half-life of 30 years).
A large amount of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in the disaster areas of Syria and Turkey are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, up to 5.3 million people have lost their homes due to earthquakes.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has called for a $77 million allocation to provide food for the victims of the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
The temperature in the disaster area has dropped to below zero, and many victims are homeless.
The Turkish government has distributed a large amount of hot meals, tents, and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to reach many people in urgent need of help.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has added to the suffering of the people.
Within four days of the earthquake, the World Food Programme had provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has sent 72 tons of medical supplies for treating injuries and emergency surgeries.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Statement: All content in this article is protected by copyright law, and may not be used without the express permission of Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will lead to recovery and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police alert: The police station appeals to citizens to beware of fake telecommunications company scams
Recently, the police received several cases of telecommunications fraud. The criminals posed as the telecommunications company in Macau and sent fraudulent text messages to the victims, with links to fake websites. They lured the victims to log in to the fake websites to exchange their points, which were about to expire.
The victim followed the instructions to enter their credit card information and verification code, and then received a notification from the financial institution that there was an unknown consumption record on their credit card, suspecting that their credit card information had been stolen from the above-mentioned website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above short message.
The police station appeals to the public to be vigilant if they receive similar mobile text messages, and not to log in to the websites or provide any personal information; if they are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction password, or transaction verification code, they should be extra cautious to prevent credit card fraud.
Anti-fraud tips:
1. Pay more attention to network security information, and improve personal prevention awareness;
2. Do not log in to unknown websites and register personal and credit card information on the website to prevent being stolen;
3. Beware of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website address is completely consistent with the official website;
4. Install antivirus software on your mobile phone, mobile device or computer, and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect that you have been scammed or have been the victim of another crime, you should immediately call the Anti-Scam Hotline of the Police Department at 8800 7777 or the Reporting Hotline at 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large Hong Kong delegation visits Macau tourist attractions and facilities to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand the “tourism line” between Hong Kong and Macau
The Tourism Bureau organized a large-scale Hong Kong inspection team of more than 100 people, consisting of representatives from the Hong Kong Government Tourism Department, the tourism industry and the media, to Macau. In addition to work meetings and industry discussions, representatives from the Hong Kong travel industry and the media also visited Macau's tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in batches. They introduced the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market, and at the same time, promoted the cultural and tourism cooperation between the two places, and jointly expanded the "tourism cooperation" market between Hong Kong and Macau.
Visit and inspect to introduce new tourism games in Macau
The Hong Kong 100-person large-scale inspection team includes leaders and managers from the Hong Kong Government's tourism-related departments, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators in Hong Kong and Macau, and about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, representatives from tourism social media, online media, bloggers/influencers, etc. They came to Macau to exchange and investigate the latest tourism resources in Macau. The Hong Kong tourism industry and media will bring the new tourism trends in Macau to Hong Kong residents and tourists, and expand the Hong Kong-Macau "tourism line" market by taking advantage of the transportation hub in Hong Kong.
Two days of intensive activities to seek business opportunities and increase publicity
The inspection team visited the World Heritage Site "Historic Centre of Macau" in groups over the past two days, experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel ‧ Explore Three Ba" - an immersive digital experience exhibition of the Three Ba Lions Arch, Macau Products, Coloane Old Town, and several large resort hotels and facilities: Sands Macao, The Karl Lagerfeld, Galaxy Macau, MGM Macau, Morpheus, The Londoner Macau, Sands Cotai Central, Artelli Multidimensional Art Space of New Cotai, and teamLab Supernatural Space of Venetian Macau.
Through visiting Macau's tourism facilities and experiencing Macau's "tourism +" elements, the members of the inspection team will share Macau's tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrate Macau's latest tourism products and sales to Hong Kong residents.
Attracting Hong Kong tourists and expanding the “linked tourism” between Hong Kong and Macau
Taking advantage of the resumption of normal customs clearance, the Tourism Bureau has launched a publicity campaign and introduced various preferential policies in the Hong Kong market, including the launch of preferential policies for transportation tickets between Hong Kong and Macau, and the release of new promotional videos and advertisements on online and offline platforms.
After inviting leaders in the Hong Kong tourism industry to Macau last month to exchange and explore Macau's "tourism +", this time, Macau once again organized representatives from the Hong Kong tourism industry and the media to come to Macau to conduct a survey, increase market promotion efforts, attract Hong Kong tourists to stay and consume in Macau, and the two industries are also negotiating to jointly expand the Hong Kong-Macau "tourism line" market, expand the mainland market and even the overseas market, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both places.
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team in Africa to benefit the local people with their kind hearts and skills, and to tell the Chinese story with practical actions - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Network - Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team in Africa to benefit the local people with their kind hearts and skills, and to tell the Chinese story with practical actions
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Zhuofeng] Font: [Large] [Medium] [Small]
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th, Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, President of the State Council, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, sent a letter to the members of the 19th Chinese medical team to assist the Central African Republic on February 9th, expressing his greetings to them and his sincere expectations for all the medical team members who are going abroad to provide assistance.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you have overcome difficulties in your work and life in Africa, served the local people with your heart, and are both white-clad angels who save lives and help the injured, and friendly messengers who spread friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of China's medical teams to foreign countries. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to all the comrades who are currently and have previously carried out medical aid missions abroad.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and medical aid to foreign countries is a vivid manifestation of this.
I hope that you will not forget your original aspiration and mission, vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team of fearing hardship, being willing to make sacrifices, saving lives and relieving suffering, and loving the people, benefit the local people with kindness and skill, tell the Chinese story with practical actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community of health for all.
Medical aid to foreign countries is an important part of China's foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent the first medical team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, a total of 30,000 medical team members have been dispatched to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Oceania, treating 290 million patients, winning widespread praise from the international community.
Currently, the medical team is working in 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th Chinese Medical Team to Africa sent a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on their study and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, providing medical services to local people, and expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a community of health for all.
The members, alternate members and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres who have recently joined the Central Committee have graduated from the seminar on studying and implementing Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Network - Huasheng Online
The new members, alternate members and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres of the Central Committee graduated from the seminar on studying and implementing Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Zhuofeng] Font: [Large] [Medium] [Small]
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th, The study and implementation of Xi Jinping's new era of Chinese socialism and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress for new members of the Central Committee, alternate members and provincial and ministerial leaders was held at the Central Party School (National Administration Institute) on the afternoon of the 10th. The Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, Politburo Standing Committee member and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, Cai Qi, attended the graduation ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that we should deeply study and implement the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, be more determined to support the "two establishments" and firmly uphold the "two maintenances", enhance our abilities, and work hard to make real progress in the modernization of China, create achievements that can withstand the test of history, practice, and the people in the comprehensive construction of a socialist modernized country and the comprehensive promotion of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all the participants studied Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, and Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar. They conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges based on their practical experiences, deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues in Chinese-style modernization, strengthened their confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Xi Jinping as the core, and enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission to fulfill their duties and do their work well, and ensure a good start to the new journey in the new era.
At the graduation ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar made speeches, reporting and sharing their learning achievements.
Cai Qi said that studying and implementing Xi Jinping's new era of Chinese socialism and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress is the top political task at present and in the future, and it is a long-term strategic task. We should follow the requirements of "comprehensive learning, comprehensive understanding, and comprehensive implementation", and promote the study and implementation work to go deeper, go further, and go to the heart.
To deeply understand the decisive significance of the "two establishments", we must resolutely uphold the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, uphold the authority and centralized unified leadership of the Party Central Committee, continuously improve our political judgment, political understanding, and political execution, and always maintain high consistency in thought, politics, and action with the Party Central Committee with Xi Jinping as the core.
We must strive to master the core competence of Marxism, consciously use the innovative theories of the Party to arm our minds, guide our practice, and promote our work, and make efforts in deep learning, careful thinking, and sincere practice, so as to truly learn to have firm beliefs, absolute loyalty, and a sense of mission.
We must implement the decisions and plans of the 20th CPC National Congress in a spirit of hard work and dedication, solidly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves and work hard, take the lead in construction, and turn the blueprint into reality step by step.
We must remember that comprehensive strict governance of the party is always on the road, and the self-revolution of the party is always on the road. We must press down and implement the political responsibility of comprehensive strict governance of the party, take party political construction as the mainstay, and deepen the new great project of party building in the new era.
We must strengthen our ability to promote high-quality development, serve the people, and prevent and resolve risks, and vigorously promote the spirit of investigation and research, resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Gangjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenzhong, Liu Jinkun, Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the graduation ceremony.
Google AI chatbot "answers questions wrongly" and the parent company's stock price evaporates billions of dollars
(Comprehensive report on the 11th)
Google's newly launched artificial intelligence chatbot Bard has suffered a setback, "answering questions incorrectly" in a promotional video, causing Google's parent company Alphabet's stock price to plummet by 8.9% on Wednesday, breaking through the $100 mark, and its market value evaporated by $110 billion (about 476.5 billion ringgit), closing at $94.57 on Friday.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as good as its competitor Microsoft.
According to Reuters, Google released a promotional video of its AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier, in which someone asked Bard: "Can I tell my 9-year-old child about the new discoveries of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?
Bard mentioned in his response that the telescope had taken the first photo of an exoplanet in the solar system.
However, according to data from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States, the first photo of an extrasolar planet was taken by the Very Large Telescope of the European Southern Observatory in 2004.
Reuters reported the news with the headline "Bard's wrong answer causes Alphabet's stock price to plummet".
On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response "highlights the importance of rigorous testing processes," and will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets high standards based on quality, safety, and accurate information."
Singapore's tourism industry is recovering strongly, with the number of inbound tourists increasing 19 times compared to 2021
(Comprehensive report on the 11th) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore is expected to reach 12 million to 14 million in 2023, which will bring about 18 billion to 21 billion Singapore dollars in tourism revenue; the number of tourists and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019; the tourism industry is likely to fully recover in 2024.
The Singapore tourism market gradually resumed and recovered in 2022.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, the number of inbound tourists in 2022 increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021, reaching 6.3 million, exceeding the Tourism Board's earlier estimate of 4 million to 6 million, and tourist numbers have recovered to 33% of pre-pandemic levels.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled 8.96 billion Singapore dollars. It is expected that the tourism revenue for the whole year of 2022 can reach 13.8 billion to 14.3 billion Singapore dollars, which is a six to seven times increase compared to 2021's 1.89 billion Singapore dollars, and has recovered to about 50% to 52% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019.
The Singapore government has taken various measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced that it would allocate nearly NZ$500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Bureau recently announced that it plans to allocate 110 million New Zealand dollars from this budget in the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists to return.
In order to make health and wellness one of the highlights of Singapore's tourism, the Singapore Tourism Board issued a call for intentions on November 23, 2022, planning to develop a health and wellness site on the southern coast of Singapore.
According to Wang Lingli, the Executive Director of the Sports and Health Tourism Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, in recent years, more and more tourists have put their health first among all considerations.
The development of a health and wellness destination in the southern coastal area, which includes the Bay Garden and the Coastal Dike, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, allowing tourists to spend more time and money in Singapore.
Singapore Tourism Board CEO, Mr. Chen Jianlong, said that in the next few years, health and wellness will become an important component of Singapore's tourism products.
The COVID-19 pandemic has raised public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the Tourism Bureau has been promoting health and wellness projects to the local public and international tourists for the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health and Wellness Festival, providing the public with more than 130 health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide new travel experiences for tourists.
In addition to the newly opened Children's Museum in Singapore, Avatar World in Bayfront Garden, Sentosa Central Beach Market, the newly added "Explore New Fields" exhibition hall in the Art Science Museum, and the newly built outdoor theater in the Night Safari, the Tourism Board will support the development and upgrading of projects such as the Bird Park in Wildlife World, making Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will formulate relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive tourism industry within 2023, and focus on improving the problems of waste disposal and carbon emissions, further optimizing the tourism environment.
The recovery of the tourism industry in Singapore has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
Data shows that as of December 18, 2022, the passenger flow at Changi Airport has recovered strongly, with up to 150,000 passengers being served daily, about 1 million passengers per week, which is about 75% of the pre-pandemic level. The number of airline employees on duty has also recovered to about 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
Data shows that from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million tourists, which is equivalent to 42% of the pre-pandemic level, and 170,000 flights have taken off and landed, which is 53% of the pre-pandemic level.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also driven the recovery of the accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping industries.
The Singapore government and the tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
According to a survey by a Chinese travel platform, Singapore's safety index ranks among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular among Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, about 3.6 million people traveled to Singapore for vacation every year.
With China relaxing its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to between 30% and 60% of 2019 levels this year.
Kou Shudan pointed out that in the future, the Tourism Bureau will closely monitor the signals of further relaxation of China's outbound travel policy, in order to cope with the changing needs of tourists.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms such as Ctrip and travel agencies, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in outbound tourism from China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the global economy will recover faster than expected as long as there is no significant recession that affects the public's income, and there is no new large-scale deadly epidemic outbreak.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter interact closely, while his wife is neglected
(Comprehensive report on the 11th) North Korea held a military parade to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People's Army on the evening of the 8th. Kim Jong-un's daughter, Kim Jong-un, not only attended the parade, but also stood on the podium with her father.
On the 9th, the North Korean state media released a video showing Kim Jong-un huddled next to his father, exchanging warm glances and whispering to each other several times. She gently caressed her father's cheeks with her hands, and even touched her father's chest. The father-daughter interaction was broadcasted throughout the country.
However, First Lady Li Xuezhong could only stand aside.
According to reports from South Korea's "North Korea News" and other sources, on the 7th, Kim Jong-un and his wife, Lee Seol-ju, attended a banquet with their daughter, Kim Jong-a, who not only sat in the middle position between her parents, but also stood on the podium with Kim Jong-un at the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People's Army the next day.
After the parade, the official media of North Korea, the Korean Central Television Station, released a video of the parade, revealing more scenes of the deep affection between father and daughter.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times from the podium, and their smiles never faded. They also whispered to each other, and Kim Jong-un even held his father's cheeks with both hands. Kim Jong-un also responded with a bright smile.
Other official media footage also shows that when Kim Jong-un and Kim Jong-un's father were sitting on the sofa, the daughter was constantly touching her father's face with her hand; when she was walking with her father, she was touching her father's chest with her hand.
The First Lady, Li Xuezhong, could only walk behind or sit on the side throughout the process, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
South Korean media pointed out that since the missile launcher Mars 17 first appeared in public on November 18 last year, the exposure rate has been increasing every three months, and it has now appeared in official occasions for the fifth time.
The North Korean state media referred to Kim Jong-un as the most beloved son, the most precious son, etc., and broadcasted footage of Kim Jong-un repeatedly shouting his oath of loyalty to the white-blooded lineage while overlooking the parade from the stands.
These signs have led the outside world to doubt whether Kim Jong-un's daughter, Kim Ju-ae, has already been designated as the successor to the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that "this is a signal from Kim Jong-un to promote his daughter, who is in high school, to the position of successor," but there are also views that such a judgment is too early, and in the case where Kim Jong-un has a son, there are still various possibilities.
Mid-Autumn Q&A︱How to view the US non-farm employment data in January exceeding expectations and future trends - Economic Observer Network - Professional financial news website
Q: How does Riyang Investment view the US non-farm employment data in January, which exceeded expectations, and the future trend?
A: On February 3, the US Department of Labor released non-farm employment data for January 2023, with an increase of 517,000 non-farm jobs, which was significantly higher than the market expectation of 189,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest in nearly 50 years; the hourly wage increased by 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, slightly slowing down.
In terms of the overall volume, there are many one-time and technical factors that disturb the data, such as the return of teachers who went on strike, the revision of the survey and statistical scope, and the update of the seasonal factor. There may be some adjustments in the future (refer to the new non-farm jobs added in January 2022, which was revised from 50.4 million to 36.4 million), and non-farm employment may not be as strong as the data suggests.
In terms of structure, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still there, but the proportion is low; the employment in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and healthcare has rebounded significantly, and data shows that there is still a labor gap in the service industry.
Combined with the rapid recovery of the service industry PMI, job vacancies and labor shortages, and the strong performance of consumer credit data, we judge that the US service industry has undergone rapid recovery after the extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the tight supply and demand situation in the US employment market cannot be improved without a recession.
Currently, there is a supply gap of more than 5 million in the US labor market, and the labor participation rate is slow to rise, especially the labor participation rate of 25-54 year olds has approached the pre-pandemic high point.
In addition, due to the strong savings and consumer credit of US residents, the strong consumption demand will further delay the impact of the tightening policy on the employment market.
The continued tightness of supply and demand in the US employment market will be the backdrop of the US economy in 2023.
In addition to the current near-end of interest rate hikes, inflation expectations continue to fluctuate, and we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Before the data was released, the US stock, bond and foreign exchange markets were overly optimistic about the Fed's interest rate hike path.
As inflation data continues to improve, the Fed is shortening the pace of rate hikes while also maintaining the fragile balance of market inflation expectations. However, the market ignores the Fed's hawkish statements and not only expects to stop raising rates early, but also expects two rate cuts at the end of the year.
In the tight labor market and the uncertain impact of the tightening policy, we believe that the Fed's guidance on raising interest rates at the end of the year is relatively reasonable. The adjustment of the market's extreme expectations and the congestion of transactions may cause some damage to the market.
Despite this, the stubborn increase in salaries is difficult to change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. As the M2 data turned negative year-on-year and the leading indicators of various CPI sub-items gradually improved, the US CPI data has been in a phase of rapid decline since October. The stubborn increase in salaries will only provide a bottom for the subsequent inflation data. The current market expectations are difficult to verify, and the market may enter a new round of competition after the next round of inflation data is released.
The founder of Xunxun, Zheng Yonggang, passed away due to a sudden heart attack. He once led the first listed company in China's clothing industry to transform - Economic Observer Network - a professional financial news website
On February 11, the WeChat public account of Sijian Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Sijian Holdings”), the certification body, issued a notice of death, stating that Sijian Enterprise founder and Sijian Holdings Chairman Zheng Yonggang died of sudden heart disease on February 10, 2023, at the age of 65.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the factory manager of the state-owned cotton spinning factory. With his transfer, Zheng Yonggang became the factory manager of Ningbo Yunhong Garment Factory, the predecessor of Xunxun Shares, in 1989.
In December 2022, at the 20th China Enterprise Leaders Annual Meeting and the 22nd China Enterprise Future Stars Annual Meeting, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the 1990s, the market share of the Xingxing brand in the Chinese suit market was as high as 37%.
In 1996, Xinshan Holdings (600884.SH) was listed, becoming the first listed company in China's clothing industry.
Just when the clothing business was booming, Sun Sun Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized that "once the market is opened up, Chinese brands will naturally form a tiered brand market, and it is unlikely that Sun Sun Suits will continue to dominate the market and become the national suit of the Chinese people for a long time."
In 1999, Sun Sun began to research enterprise transformation. Zeng Yonggang recalled that year, “We came to Shanghai to seek what to do in the transformation, and we specifically found many experts and scholars, and held a series of Zhuge Liang meetings and vacuum discussions.
Finally, we have set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is big health and the future.
After determining the strategic direction, Sun Sun began to look for cooperation. At that time, the Anshan Institute of Heat Energy, which was a research institute for coal research supporting Anshan Iron and Steel Group, was doing a national 863 project. The research funding was not enough, so Sun Sun and the Anshan Institute of Heat Energy Carbon Research Institute signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the national 863 project "Intermediate Carbon Microspheres", and engaged in the research and development, production and sales of negative electrode materials, and achieved the commercial promotion of negative electrode materials in China.
In 2001, Sanyang Shares achieved the scaled production of intermediate carbon microspheres, began to replace imported products, and replaced Japan to become the main supplier of intermediate carbon microspheres in China.
This is the first lithium-ion battery negative material production enterprise in China, which has achieved the localization of lithium-ion battery negative materials.
As the application of lithium batteries rapidly spread, the lithium battery business of Xingshan Shares began to gradually develop. In 2007, the lithium material business was written into the main business of Xingshan Shares. The proportion of clothing business revenue gradually decreased year by year, until 2013, the revenue of lithium material business of Xingshan Shares completely exceeded that of clothing business.
In February 2021, Sunshine Pharmaceutical successfully acquired the polarizing film business of LG Chemical, entered the LCD polarizing film market, and established the polarizing film company Sunjin Optoelectronics. The technology content in this field is relatively high, and Sunshine's main competitors are all among the world's top 500, such as Samsung of South Korea, Sumitomo Chemical of Japan, and Dongyang Electronics.
Zheng Yonggang once shared his experience in post-investment management. “Chinese private enterprises acquire some high-tech enterprises in the international market, but the success rate is relatively low. Why do these acquisitions fail?
Because everyone will consider it, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to manage it, this is a behavior that is usually done,” however, Zheng Yonggang is different, on the day when Shanxi Coal was successfully acquired, Zheng Yonggang announced in public at Shanxi Coal that Shanxi Coal, as the major shareholder of Shanxi Coal, decided to implement one enterprise, two systems, except for Zheng Yonggang serving as the chairman, no one from Shanxi Coal will be sent to Shanxi Coal, and the existing distribution system, corporate culture, and various management models will remain unchanged.
ICC Xinzhi Information released the negative electrode data for 2022, showing that the shipment volume of Xinzhi negative electrode in 2022 exceeded 200,000 tons, with a year-on-year increase of 100%, and the market share reached 16%. The shipment volume of artificial graphite negative electrode material ranked first.
In the polarizing film business, Yano Research statistics show that the company's subsidiary, Sungjin Optoelectronics, had a global market share of 29% in 2022, and it is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Sunsea's revenue was 15.841 billion yuan, and its net profit was 2.313 billion yuan. On February 10, Sunsea's share price was 19.24 yuan/share, and its total market value was 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Sunshine Shares said on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's graphitization effective capacity will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitization capacity of the Mianyang project is still in the process of climbing.
Wandex shows that at present, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Xingxing Shares.
According to Tianyancha, Zheng Yonggang holds a total shareholding proportion of 40.1% in Sijian Holdings Limited.
The general manager of Sisheng Shares is Li Zhihua, born in 1968, who has served as the chairman of Dongguan Sisheng Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Sisheng New Materials Science and Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Sisheng Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and the deputy general manager of Ningbo Sisheng Shares Co., Ltd.
On February 10, Sun Sun Shares stated on the investor interaction platform that there is no familial relationship between the senior management of the company and the actual controller of the company.
"Fund E Account" has arrived: The Securities Regulatory Commission authorizes the development of a platform for the collection and query of all funds under investors' names - Economic Observer Network - Professional financial news website
Economic Observer Network Reporter Chen Shan Fund purchase channels are complicated, making it difficult to collect account information?
Always forgetting the “little treasure trove”?
These problems of the people will soon be solved.
On February 10, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that the "Fund E Account" APP was listed in various mobile application stores and began public testing.
According to the introduction, "Fund E Account" provides individual investors with a "one-stop" inquiry service for public fund accounts and share information, aiming to solve the industry service pain points such as forgetting accounts and complicated inquiries for a large number of small investors.
According to Wind data, as of the end of 2022, there were 156 public fund management companies in China, managing funds worth about 2.6 trillion yuan; there were 167 public fund share registration institutions and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The account systems of each share registration institution are independent of each other, and there is a lack of a unified industry-wide search channel.
According to industry insiders, by the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in China, which means that half of the country's population had invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to check their purchase status through different sales institutions, but through the "Fund E-Account", they can check the purchase status of all sales channels, and their fund holdings are clear at a glance.
What is the “Fund E Account” APP?
According to the relevant documents, the "Fund E Account" APP is a public fund industry portal mobile application developed and built by China Clearing with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with one-stop query of the off-market share holding of all public fund products.
Investors can conveniently and quickly grasp their holdings of publicly offered fund products under various fund managers through all sales channels in the market through the "Fund E-Account", which comprehensively improves the efficiency of inquiry.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through the "Fund E Account" includes: information on fund accounts opened with all public fund management companies in the market, transaction account information opened with public fund sales institutions, and information on the proportion of off-market holdings of products including publicly offered securities investment funds and collective asset management plans established and managed by securities companies, which are not subject to the 200-person limit.
Liu Yiqian, the person in charge of business at the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation and Research Center, told reporters from Economic Observer that investors can use the "Fund E Account" App to get a one-stop view of all their holdings of publicly offered funds outside the market, helping them find their "forgotten assets", and more importantly, it helps customers collect comprehensive information on their fund investment, helping customers get a more timely, accurate and complete understanding of their own investment, so as to optimize their own fund portfolio and plan their own financial arrangements.
How to register and use it?
The reporter noticed that at present, the "Fund E Account" APP has been listed in the Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo and other mobile application stores, but the APP is still in the public trial operation phase, and registration requires filling in an invitation code, which investors can obtain by contacting the fund manager of the fund they hold.
A customer service staff member from a large public fund in Shanghai provided a six-digit invitation code to the reporter from Economic Observer, and told the reporter, “During the trial operation phase of the APP, China Clearing provides a certain number of invitation codes to each fund manager, which investors can obtain by calling us. We will provide them to everyone.
After the trial operation is completed, you will no longer need an invitation code to register as a user.
“
The reporter registered the account and completed the query according to the relevant documents of the "Fund E Account" download and use instructions announced on the official website of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The whole process took only a few minutes and was mainly divided into four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, and public fund query.
After the real-name authentication, click the "Asset" button to bind the fund. All the fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms will appear in the binding option list (accounts that can be bound). After the binding is completed, the total assets of the fund can be directly viewed, and the query function can be used.
It should be noted that the "Fund E Account" only provides query services for investors, and cannot be used for redemption and trading.
The data displayed in the "Fund E Account" is generally three trading days before the date the user queries (T day).
For example, if you open the "Fund E Account" on February 10, the total assets, fund shares, and fund net value displayed on the asset page correspond to the date three trading days before that date, i.e., February 7.
Copyright statement: The above content is an original work of the Economic Observer, and the copyright belongs to the Economic Observer.
Without the authorization of the Economic Observer, it is strictly prohibited to reprint or mirror, otherwise, the legal responsibility of the relevant parties will be pursued according to the law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: 010-60910566-1260.
United against the CCP, the United States, Japan, and the Philippines have reached a consensus on defense
Asia - On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan to meet with Prime Minister Kishida Fumio.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's invasion of the South China Sea and the East China Sea. After the meeting, the leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement, saying that they would carry out substantive defense exchanges by signing a trilateral defense agreement with the United States, and oppose the hegemonic policy of the CCP.
According to Japanese media, Kishida Fumio hopes to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to deal with the crisis in the Taiwan Strait.
Little Marco visited China in early January this year and secured a deal worth $20 billion.
However, after this, Sino-Philippine relations not only did not improve, but instead deteriorated.
At the beginning of this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States, agreeing to open more bases to the US military to ensure the security of the South China Sea.
The newly added base is 300 kilometers away from Taiwan, which is the closest point to China.
If a crisis occurs in Taiwan, the US military may launch operations from bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia, and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States, building a "counter-CCP arc" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
The Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, Xia Lixin, conveyed the message of Song Tao to China: welcome the Green Camp to visit the mainland under the 1992 Consensus
Taiwan's Kuomintang Vice Chairman Xia Lixian met with the Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, Song Tao, and the Standing Committee Member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, Wang Huning, during his visit to China.
Zhao Chunshan, senior consultant of the National Party's official institution, the National Policy Foundation, was interviewed by Taiwan Central News Agency last night. He positively evaluated Song Tao's words about Xia Lixin, saying that as long as one agrees with the "Nine Two Consensus" and opposes Taiwan independence, China welcomes people from the Green Camp to visit the mainland.
The Nationalist Party assessed it as a fresh thing.
Xia Lixian met with Song Tao earlier, but the news that day did not mention this statement.
The ruling Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan has been clarifying its rejection of the "nine-two consensus" for days.
According to the Central News Agency today, the Kuomintang Vice Chairman Xia Liliang led a delegation to visit the mainland. During his stay in Beijing, he met with Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, Song Tao, the new director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, and Yin Li, the secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee.
Xia Lixiang and Song Tao met to discuss the political basis of the Kuomintang and the Communist Party, which is the "Nine Two Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, the senior consultant of the Kuomintang National Policy Foundation, said at the meeting that the "Nine Two Consensus" of the Kuomintang is the original "Nine Two Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this was different from the feeling of the previous few meetings.
In recent video discussions with scholars in mainland China, and in this discussion, I have not heard any mention of Taiwanese scholars discussing military unification and the "anti-secession law". Instead, there has been a restoration of communication and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the situation between the two sides was dangerous, and the mainland hoped to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the two parties, the other party still wants to do a good job for Taiwan, and the representative does not want the cross-strait relations to be damaged.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally gave instructions to Song Tao, saying, "You must implement the requirements they (Taiwan's farmers and fishermen) have raised," and if it cannot be comprehensively resolved, it must be handled on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the Nationalist Party members mentioned the daily harassment of Taiwan by Chinese military aircraft and ships, the agricultural and fishery problems in some counties and cities in Taiwan, and whether the reporters from the Central News Agency asked such questions during the interviews.
French trade unions again mobilize against the government's pension reform plan
On Saturday (February 11), the French trade unions launched a nationwide mobilization against the government's pension reform draft, calling on the people to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of social unrest against the government's draft reform of the retirement pension system.
The number of people who respond to the call for a rally may affect the next action plan of the trade union group.
This is the fourth time that the eight major trade union groups in France have jointly launched a nationwide mobilization in a month, and it is the first time that the protest activities have been scheduled on a Saturday.
Given that Saturday is a day off for most French people, they do not need to choose between participating in demonstrations or going on strike, and trade union groups therefore hope that today's rally will attract more people to participate.
The unions of the bus system, subway, and state-owned railway companies did not call for a strike today, and the bus system should be able to operate normally. Citizens can take the bus to the rally site, and people in areas where schools start winter vacation can start their holidays normally.
The trade union groups hope that more than one million people will participate in the rally today, while the police expect the national participation to be between 600,000 and 800,000, and 90,000 to 120,000 people may gather in the Paris metropolitan area.
Since the protests against the government's pension reform plan began, although polls show that most French people do not support the measure to delay the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people who actually take to the streets to participate in the demonstrations has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 gathered 1.27 million to 2.5 million people nationwide.
The number of protesters on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
This pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition party, especially the radical left-wing opposition party, submitted countless amendment proposals, which slowed down the deliberation process.
The debate between the ruling and opposition parties is becoming increasingly fierce and sharp.
A member of the French National Assembly from the radical left-wing party France Insoumise recently posted a picture of himself stepping on a balloon printed with the image of the Minister of Labor on social media, which triggered protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly finally announced that the member of parliament would be banned from participating in parliamentary activities for 15 days as a punishment for this behavior.
Although this reform plan has triggered the largest social movement in France in recent decades, so far, the government has made some minor adjustments to the draft, but has not made any major concessions.
The unions are preparing to launch another action on Thursday, the 16th, and on March 7, when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion, the unions also plan to organize demonstrations.
China encourages higher birth rates, collects sperm from universities, and sets high standards
The Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province, China, issued a promotion on the 9th, seeking donors with a college degree or above, or students in school, to donate sperm. Those who successfully donate 8 to 12 times can receive a subsidy of 4,500 yuan.
According to Taiwanese media reports today, the message hit the hot search on Weibo on the same day, and triggered many provinces and cities such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong, and Beijing to follow up and advocate.
According to a report signed by the Free Times, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
The threshold for sperm donation in universities across the country is the highest in Beijing. In addition to academic qualifications, applicants must be at least 170 cm tall, have a good appearance, no obvious hair loss, and myopia degree not higher than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Yunnan Provincial Human Sperm Bank pointed out that donors can receive a full set of male reproductive health checkups worth 1,000 yuan, "especially sperm and chromosome tests, most people have never done them before, which is very important for understanding their own reproductive status."
The conditions for sperm donors include being over 165 cm tall, having a college degree or higher, and not having color blindness, hepatitis B, or other genetic or infectious diseases.
The report quoted the Chinese Tianmu News saying that the Shaanxi Province Human Sperm Bank has printed promotional posters with the slogan "Paid Sperm Donation, Unlimited Glory", calling on young people to respond to sperm donation, and encouraging netizens to forward related information, "Let Love Spread".
The price in Shaanxi is higher than that in Yunnan. Those who qualify can receive 300 yuan in cash each time, and those who donate sperm a certain number of times can receive a subsidy of 5,000 yuan.
The highest known price is in Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5150 yuan.
The last communist prime minister of East Germany has died
The successor of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that "last night, Hans Modrow left us, at the age of 95.
As a result, our party has lost an important leader.
“
On November 13, 1989, four days after the Berlin Wall was opened, separating East Berlin and West Berlin for 28 years, Modrow said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.
At that time, due to the protesters' demands for democracy and freedom in East Germany, the Communist Party leaders were forced to step down.
Mikhail Gorbachev, who came to power in the Soviet Union, once called for change in Eastern Europe, which was dominated by the Soviet Union.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results led to him no longer serving as the prime minister.
Although Modero has carried out reforms, opponents accuse him of trying to delay the political changes and unification that occurred in October 1990.
He was also criticized for trying to reshape rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modro was found guilty of electoral fraud in the municipal elections of May 1989, but he was not sent to prison.
Some have called these accusations politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament, and from 1999 to 2004 he served as a member of the European Parliament.
Moderato sees himself as a reformer and hopes to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said that East Germany's achievements should be recognized.
Modro was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica in Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader in the youth fire department and became a member of the Nazi militia organization Volkssturm at the end of the conflict, which recruited men aged 16 to 60 to fight in the final struggle.
When he was 17 years old, Modro was captured by the Soviet army and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war. There he took part in anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he returned to his home country and found a job as a mechanic, and continued to study social sciences and economics, and obtained a doctorate.
Modrow was a member of the Free German Youth movement, which almost all young East Germans joined, and he rose through the ranks of the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) to become the party's chairman in the Dresden region between 1973 and 1989.
He also served in the East German parliament for over 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany, holding the highest state office.
Iran commemorates the anniversary of the revolution, and hackers who support the protests terrify the president's television speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official gathering on Saturday to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ebrahim Raisi's televised speech.
The president's live television address was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute, and a group of hackers against the Iranian government appeared on the screen, whose name was "Edalat Ali (Ali's Justice)".
There was also a voice shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic".
According to a report by Reuters today, Iran commemorated the anniversary of the revolution, and hackers interrupted the national television station's report.
Iranian officials commemorated the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, and the hardline government in Rasht faced the boldest challenge from young protesters demanding their resignation, but Rasht still called on the "deceived youth" to repent, so that they could receive pardon from the supreme leader of Iran.
Protests continue to sweep Iran nationwide after 22-year-old Mahsa Amini died in custody of the country's morality police in September.
Iran's security forces have carried out deadly crackdowns on protests, one of the strongest challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since the 1979 revolution overthrew 2,500 years of monarchy.
As part of the amnesty to commemorate the anniversary of the revolution, Iranian authorities released imprisoned dissidents Fahad Messaimi and Fariba Adelkhah, who were on hunger strike, on Friday.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued a pardon, which included some prisoners arrested in recent anti-government protests.
According to the human rights organization HRANA, as of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors.
The report said that 70 government security personnel were killed.
It is believed that up to 19,763 protesters were arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and state media have been calling for voting at the rally on Saturday to show opposition to protests and support for the government.
On the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution on Friday night, official media displayed fireworks as part of the government-sponsored celebration, with people shouting “Allahu Akbar!”
(God is the greatest!)”
However, one could also hear many people shouting “Death to the dictator!” at the rally.
" and "Death of the Islamic Republic" in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, the government television broadcast live footage of the official gatherings of all states in the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, domestically produced ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine frigates, and other military equipment were displayed.
President Lacy's speech was often interrupted by the slogan "America go to hell" - this was the signature slogan at state rallies.
The crowd also chanted "Death to Israel".
Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on charges of national security.
They later placed her under house arrest, but she returned to prison in January.
Adelkhah denied these allegations.
A week before Mousavi's release, supporters warned that he faced the risk of death due to his hunger strike protest.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of headscarves.
The French Foreign Ministry responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday, calling for her freedom to be restored, "including if she wishes, she should be allowed to return to France."
“
Did the balloon incident brighten America's eyes?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a report by the Wall Street Journal today, after the balloon incident, the United States is preparing to further tighten its export of technology to China.
Current and former security officials said the balloon incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China and would garner more political support for strengthening U.S. technology protection.
The United States said that the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence collection and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior official of the US Central Intelligence Agency and current employee of the Washington think tank New American Security Center.
"This is undoubtedly pouring oil on the fire, supporting the hardline view on China."
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday that "we will also consider taking broader action to expose and address China's larger-scale surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security and that of our allies and partners."
US officials said they had briefed the governments of more than 30 countries on the balloon incident, and international coordination was crucial to addressing the threat from China.
Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Select Committee on Strategic Competition Between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party in the US House of Representatives may also pressure the United States to take more stringent measures to slow down China's development.
She said that members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which could in turn force the White House to adopt tougher policies.
The Wall Street Journal reported that many people who advocate stricter export controls are also pushing for broader controls, including the artificial intelligence industry.
The US government has also been developing a foreign investment review plan to examine whether US investments overseas pose potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls to roll out the plan more quickly.
The earthquake disaster relief in Syria continues day and night
Since the strong earthquake occurred between Turkey and Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working day and night in the ruins of thousands of collapsed buildings to rescue survivors buried under the rubble.
In the cold temperatures, they often call for silence, as they desperately try to hear any sign of life from the piles of crumbling concrete.
According to a report by Reuters today, two more women were rescued from the rubble of the earthquake after surviving for several days.
However, the number of deaths caused by the earthquake has risen to 24,150.
Turkey has reported 20,665 deaths, and Syria has reported more than 3,500 deaths.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that occurred on Monday continued to cause strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, making it the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing the earthquake and tsunami in Japan in 2011, and approaching the 31,000 deaths caused by the earthquake in neighboring Iran in 2003.
A similar strong earthquake occurred in northwestern Turkey in 1999, killing more than 17,000 people.
Turkish authorities said on Saturday that two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years, and rescue workers in Turkey pulled the two women from the rubble of collapsed buildings.
Another injured man, 55-year-old Masallah Cicek, was confirmed to have been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In the cold temperatures, rescuers often call for quiet, as they strain to hear any sign of life from the piles of rubble.
In Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers crouched under concrete slabs, whispering "Inshallah" - "God willing" - as they carefully reached into the rubble to save a 10-day-old newborn.
He opened his eyes wide, and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video footage shows that the paramedics also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale on the stretcher, but conscious.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, and a total of 31,000 rescue personnel had been deployed to the disaster area.
He said that about 80,000 people were receiving treatment in hospitals, while 1.05 million people were homeless due to the earthquake, and they were crowded in temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, the public is increasingly questioning the response of the leaders of the two countries to disaster relief.
According to Syrian state media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma visited a hospital in Aleppo, reportedly his first visit to the disaster-stricken area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said that due to the war situation, the rescue work has become complicated, and its stocks in the northwest of Syria controlled by the rebels are about to run out.
On Friday, Erdogan visited the Adiyaman province in Turkey, where he admitted that the government's response was not as fast as expected.
Opponents have seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is running for re-election in a vote on May 14, but it could be delayed due to disasters.
Reuters reported that the anger over the delay in providing aid and starting rescue work could affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge to Erdogan's 20-year rule.
Erdoğan called for unity and condemned what he called a "negative campaign for political gain."
The leader of Turkey's main opposition party, Kemal Kiliçdaroglu, criticized the government's response.
Critics say, "The earthquake was big, but what's even worse is the lack of coordination, planning, and incompetence.
“
VNA Hanoi - VNA special correspondent reported that during his visit to Brunei Darussalam, on the morning of February 11, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, abbreviated as "Brunei University").
Universiti Brunei Darussalam is the largest higher education and scientific research center in Brunei, ranking third in the local university rankings.
Universiti Brunei Darussalam is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
In July 2013, Brunei University officially established a cooperative relationship with Vietnam FPT University, mainly in the field of English training.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese, and Korean, Brunei University also includes Vietnamese in its curriculum.
During his visit to the University of Brunei, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife had an exchange with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh is pleased that more and more foreigners are interested in learning Vietnamese, and is making active contributions to promoting Vietnamese cultural features and local customs to the world.
The Prime Minister of Brunei, Dato Seri Paduka Haji Hj. Mohammad Yusof, expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching team at Brunei University would become stronger and stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language class would become more and more interested in the Vietnamese language, strive to learn it, be able to use fluent Vietnamese as soon as possible, and become the messengers of the friendly cooperation between the two countries.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also communicated with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Long Xuyen City via video, to understand their learning situation, especially during the pandemic.
The Prime Minister of Vietnam, Pham Minh Chinh, believes that the cooperative relationship between Vietnam FPT University and Brunei University, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the educational cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei.
At the same time, we hope that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly cooperative relations between the two countries.
During discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh highly praised the achievements of the two countries in educational cooperation, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, and the initiative of the University of Brunei to include Vietnamese in the curriculum.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng hopes that Brunei University will continue to pay attention to ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the scale of Vietnamese language classes.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc also highly praised the positive results achieved by the two countries in cooperation based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation signed in April 2014; he suggested that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training projects, such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng highly praised the establishment of the first branch of Brunei University in Vietnam; believed that the university's development scale in the region and the world was becoming stronger; and further expanded cooperation with Vietnamese higher education institutions.
On this occasion, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife planted a commemorative tree on the campus of Brunei University and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng wished that Brunei University would continue to develop and make greater contributions to the education of Brunei, and would also develop deeper and broader cooperation with various educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(Complete)
Vietnam News Agency
VNA Hanoi - VNA Special Correspondent reported that the official visit of Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife to Singapore and Brunei has been successfully concluded, and has achieved comprehensive, pragmatic and specific results.
Within three days of visiting Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements made have injected new impetus into the continuous development of the strategic partnership and comprehensive partnership between China and Vietnam in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh continued to reiterate Vietnam's foreign policy, namely independence, self-reliance, pluralism, and diversification, and its desire to be a good friend and reliable partner to all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of each country, committed to promoting the well-being of the people of each country, committed to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At various meetings and talks, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng agreed with the leaders of Singapore and Brunei to continuously strengthen political mutual trust with Vietnam through high-level visits, effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms, and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership signed with Singapore and the Action Plan to Strengthen Comprehensive Partnership with Brunei in the 2023-2027 Phase are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Photo from Viet Nam News
During his meetings with business leaders, seminars or attending economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates favorable conditions for Singaporean and Bruneian enterprises to expand their investment in Vietnam in areas such as digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity.
This visit not only helps deepen the cooperation between Vietnam and Singapore and Brunei in traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also creates a cooperation framework for countries in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
Brunei King Hassanal Bolkiah and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter the bilateral discussion meeting.
Photo from Viet Nam News
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh always took time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the Vietnamese community living there.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh suggested that the authorities of the two countries should pay more attention to the fair treatment of the Vietnamese community in the local area, create favorable conditions for the local community to contribute to the local society and cultivate the relationship between the two countries.
The proposal was agreed to and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Premier Fan Mingzheng also shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; and agreed to maintain unity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance the central role of ASEAN in the complex and changing regional and international situation.
Based on the important achievements obtained, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh's official visit to Singapore and Brunei is to effectively implement the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam, which prioritizes strengthening relations with neighboring countries in ASEAN, effectively implement the 12th conclusion of the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of Vietnam on overseas Vietnamese work in the new situation (12-KL/TW), and make positive contributions by mobilizing the strength of national unity.
(Complete)
What was the "object" that was shot down over Alaska?
Confused and puzzled, speculation abounds
The US military used the most advanced stealth fighter jet F-22 to shoot down an unidentified object flying in the sky over Alaska, USA, on Friday afternoon (February 10).
The location of the downed plane is ten miles off the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time that the US military has shot down an airborne object in less than a week.
Last Saturday, a spy balloon from China drifted in the airspace of the United States for several days before being shot down near the coast of South Carolina, United States.
The Pentagon said that the second object that was shot down first entered US airspace on Thursday night, and was tracked by the US military while moving over the northeastern part of Alaska. The altitude of the flight was 12,000 meters (40,000 feet), and its size was about the same as a small car. It was much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no indication that the object is maneuverable.
John Cobb, the strategic communications coordinator for the National Security Council at the White House, said on Friday that although the specific appearance of the object flying at a high altitude is not yet clear, it "poses a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation aircraft."
Kobe said that this object was different from the spy balloon found in the United States, as it did not have a "payload" hanging from it.
Kobe said, "We call it an 'object' is the best description we can make at the moment."
President Biden listened to the advice of the Pentagon before ordering the object to be shot down, and he was "very cautious" when he made the decision, Cobb added.
The official description of the object in the United States can be summarized as follows: it is about the size of a small car, has no control stick, no suspension device, and flies at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But this information still cannot answer the basic questions, such as what is this object, which country does it belong to, and what tasks is it performing.
Many analysts and speculators online believe that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It may be from China, just like the spy balloon that invaded the airspace of the United States and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, and they are performing some tasks at different locations.
Some people have also linked this "object" in Alaska with "unidentified flying objects" (UFOs).
The report by US News Weekly quoted former US Congressman Peter Meijer as saying on Twitter on Friday, "I really hope this 'unidentified flying object' is also a spy balloon, rather than a legitimate UFO."
"The irony of confusing an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth triggering an interstellar conflict," Mejia said.
Mejia tweeted this shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said that it was not just Meier who doubted that the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Congressman Tim Burchett criticized the government's cover-up of intelligence last month and called for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
Amazon's customer service attitude makes me hard to believe
I doubt many people will see this, but I'll say a little bit anyway.
This shirt was a zippered jacket when we bought it, but it ended up being a short-sleeved shirt.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service. At that time, it was confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I asked for an exchange, and the customer service said they would handle it. Then, I immediately saw that the product name changed to short-sleeved, and the link I bought was taken down.
The customer service then informed me that I could either keep the product and receive a certain amount of compensation, or return the product.
Is this how Amazon handles it?
It's really hard to believe, the wrong clothes are not my problem, as a consumer, I demand to get the goods I should get, and I didn't make any outrageous demands, but Amazon changed the name and said there was no stock.
This is my first long review, I hope it won't be my last.
Sleeves that are incomprehensible
It is said to be made of cowhide, and it is indeed quite hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks on the surface, and it is not clear whether it is real leather. Moreover, the sleeves of this jacket are really incomprehensible. The sleeves of a jacket are usually longer than the body, but usually only by 1-2 cm. This jacket is 5 cm longer, and the arms should hang naturally at the wrist, but the sleeves of this jacket cover the fingers.
Buying clothes is easy, and returning them is also easy.
But when will the money be returned?
The clothes are well made, but because the size is small, I had to return them. However, after returning the clothes, it has been more than a week and I have not received a refund yet?
And you have to contact the buyer yourself and that guy from the not-so-reputable company, which is the worst shopping experience since I bought things from Amazon!
But the store is still good, actively cooperating and urging the courier to refund in a timely manner, but the real work of this Full Peak Express is really infuriating, it takes about half a month to refund, this kind of partner is dragging Amazon's feet, the work efficiency is poor, and there is no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
It's a 99-second kill.
The workmanship, color, and feel of the cotton pants are all good, soft/thin, and not too thick, and there is no kerosene smell.
Unfortunately, the model is slim, which is more suitable for young people.
3XL, waist circumference 2 feet 5 inches, maximum stretching size 4 feet, 1.79/80 kilograms, wearing a waistband is a bit tight.
It seems that there is no waist strap, and it is quite difficult to loosen the waistband.
Also, wearing it close to the body is uncomfortable.
It's good, but the color is not very bright.
It went up by more than 200 yuan right after I bought it. What's going on?
The first time Amazon used TNT Express, the delivery was delayed. The first time the package was delivered, it was not at home. Later, I actively arranged the delivery time with the courier twice, but the courier did not deliver. Later, they directly refunded the money to me. This damn courier has no integrity at all. I strongly recommend not to use TNT Express anymore.
This time, a sweater that I returned was also refunded to me, and it went up in price by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon should not have this product
Buy it when it's on sale, the price is not low, and the reviews are also very good.
When I actually received the product, I was stunned. The surface of the product was heavily worn, and there were other places where it was worn. It was either a substandard product or an old one. See the picture below.
I applied for a refund, and the manufacturer's people said it was caused by transportation after seeing the pictures. Isn't that nonsense?
How could the goods inside possibly be worn out?
There are only two possibilities: either it is a defective or old product, or I intentionally damaged the product and then returned it for a refund.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I have not damaged the goods, but based on my credit record of shopping on Amazon, I believe that such goods should not appear in Amazon's self-operated goods, customers choose Amazon's self-operated goods because they trust it, customer win, we win, the customer's victory is the manufacturer's victory, I hope we can work together to improve, thank you.
I have been using this product for less than a year, and two E2s have appeared. I don't know how to handle it?
I purchased this product on July 30, 2015, but the red E2 often appears on the right side of the receiver in March 2016. It should be a problem with the transmitter module, which is not consistent with the 7-year sustainable work of the transmitter module mentioned on the Amazon website. I can't find after-sales service on the Amazon website. How should I do now?
It's okay
The first purchase was bad.
It doesn't feel like a new one.
The label on the box was torn off, and the label on the body was also broken.
And it always shows a blank screen.
It's better now that it's changed.
The exchange was quick, a bit blurry at night, the view was not very wide, but it was enough for ordinary home use.
The only drawbacks are that there is no card, and I bought it myself. Another drawback is that I have bought a phone from Amazon before.
There should be a sticker on the package to prevent it from being opened, but there wasn't this time. When buying a phone, there should be a sticker like this that can be attached to the warranty card, but there wasn't this time.
I don't know if it's because the price has gone down, but I'm confused.
Waiting for the supplier to respond
The package has no markings, so I called the supplier and was told that the lack of markings is a sign of authenticity. If I have any doubts, I can send a sample of the product to Johnson & Johnson for inspection. I also left my license plate number and phone number. I was promised a text message notifying me to enter my information into the Johnson & Johnson warranty card on their website. But I haven't received any text message yet.
I received the engine oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's self-operated products are very reliable.
The mechanic who changed the oil said the oil was clear and it was indeed good oil.
Because it was the second time I bought it.
So it is still very reassuring.
The delivery is fast, the packaging is not picky, and the engine noise has clearly decreased after using this oil.
The cost-effectiveness is not bad, and it is difficult to find synthetic engine oil below 200.
Supports the star crown, supports the winning card, effectively protects the car.
Japanese Amazon caused serious harm to buyers due to customer service issues (8c of hairy caterpillars were shipped as 8cm of hairy caterpillars) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
Acknowledge the mistake, but keep procrastinating, always emphasizing that the goods are owned by a third party, and cannot bind the third party.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
The page size options I purchased were 7c, 8, and 9c. At the time, I thought this was a trap. I called the JiaYa Chinese customer service and was told that 8 was 8c, but when the goods arrived in China, I found that it was only 8cm. I think this was a deliberate trap set up to cheat Chinese people (according to Amazon's after-sales service). Now, the page size options are no longer available.
Chinese customer service: I'm sorry, I caused you a loss, we have two options for you:
1, you return the goods, the buyer bears all the freight.
2, if you do not return the goods, we will compensate you with 1000 yen.
(I'll do the math, the shoes are over 4000 yen, which is about 200rmb, choose 1, I don't have shoes, the loss is 200 yuan.
Choose 2, I have shoes, and I was finally compensated 2000 yen. In the end, I lost 150 RMB. Customer service: We have recorded it, we will handle it seriously, the next day I received a reply saying that I did not accept the mediation of the Chinese customer service, and that was it.
I asked: when I was buying pages with options like 7c, 8, 9c, which are confusing, the Chinese customer service told me that the common codes in Japan do not have c, like 140, but have you gone to other Momotaro pages to check?
There are cases where both American and Japanese codes are mixed.
Moreover, why do you put the 8cm in between the 7cm and 9cm, which is the smallest size, what does it mean to put it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese services, but we don't know if you want to return to your country, so we won't compensate for your shipping fee.
I don't understand this logic again, I am Japanese, I still need Chinese customer service, Chinese living in Japan also do not need Chinese customer service, tourists coming to Japan, they do not have the time to make international long-distance calls, so the question is, who needs to make a Chinese phone call to Amazon Overseas Purchase, except for people like me who shop in Japan.
Isn't Amazon's Chinese customer service just convenient for those of us who shop online?
I am not very satisfied with this purchase
This is the second time I have purchased Bambino Mio diapers from Amazon. I bought a box when my baby was two months old. I chose diapers made of European imported paper. I was quite satisfied with my first purchase. My baby used one diaper all night and it really could last for 12 hours without being changed.
However, when I bought the L-type diapers this time, there were two packs in one box, and when I opened them, I found that the paper was quite loose, which was significantly different from the imported Huggies. After using them on my baby, they were still okay, there was no leakage or rash.
But when it came to the second pack of diapers, the baby's inner thighs immediately developed a rash after using them, and it has not gone away to this day.
I doubt the quality of the 2 packs in one box.
I won't be buying any more in the future!
Hope to pay attention to the transportation protection of the package
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have seen since I started shopping online. There are no protective measures, no buffer foam, no buffer layer material, nothing.
It's just a box that's been deformed.
Moreover, the soft plastic box is packaged, and the card box has been pressed open and deformed.
I hope it's genuine, with quality guaranteed. I'm not so brave as to buy things from Amazon anymore.
I'd rather pay half the price domestically, with some guarantee.
Moreover, the problem of product packaging has been commented on by people in 2016, and it is still the same now in 2019.
It shows that Amazon doesn't really care about service feedback, which is far behind JD.com, Tmall, etc. in China.
It looks good, but there are some small regrets
I really like the color of the whole cup, which is orange red, although my family is all boys, I still think that orange red and yellow look very eye-catching.
It's a little smaller than I imagined, but it's okay because it's supposed to be used for carrying outdoors.
I tried it at home last night, and after opening the cap, the distance between the straw and the cap was too close. Because the straw was positioned vertically, my son always had to hold the protrusion on the cap to drink water. I thought this part could be improved.
It seems that the other brands' straw cups have a reason to tilt the straw, because children's things are really about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and high capacity
I like it because it is lightweight and has a large opening, but I find the two independent compartments a bit redundant, and I don't know what to put in them.
After buying, I found that there is another brand that is very similar in Haibaoya, which is less than 200 yuan.
Fake goods, fake goods are particularly bad
Amazon sells fake goods, and I have to admit it.
The customer service said that because I used it, I could not return it, how could I know it was a fake.
Because of trust, so heartbroken, after all, it is a product for wiping your face, so just go to the physical store and buy it, it will be more expensive.
Because it is a flash sale, I have not read any reviews. I have already submitted the e-commerce platform to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let's fight for our rights together.
Broken?
Fake goods?
In short, a tragedy.
When I used the second piece, I chose one with fine pores, but it had a strange smell when I opened it. I thought it was normal because I had never used this product before. Then, when I put it on my face, I couldn't stand it at all. It had a very strong smell, which I can't describe. I started coughing and my eyes hurt. I cried and immediately took it off to wash my face.
I don't believe in evil, and I opened another one of the same kind, which doesn't have such a heavy taste, and I'm applying it now.
It reminds me of the smell of cheap hair straightening water in a hair salon.
It's hard to imagine, will Amazon's self-operated skincare products have to avoid it from now on?
You are a scoundrel
At the time of purchase, the activity page said that if you spent 99 yuan, you would get a "Three-Body Collection" as a gift. However, when I received the goods, there was no such gift. I called customer service and asked them to see the screenshot of the activity at that time. The problem is, who buys things and saves the screenshot of the webpage? You need customers to provide you with evidence for your own activities. All buyers should be careful next time and save evidence.
After-feeling
I bought something from Amazon for the first time, and I have a few feelings about it. First of all, the painlessness is indeed true. There is no irritating taste, and overall, it is quite good. It takes about 8 minutes to apply, and then it falls off. There is a small amount of sweat and dirt on it, but it is not noticeable. So, overall, it is quite good. I will continue to observe and use it to see how it goes.
I think this thing is really good.
The second order was placed on the 27th, and the goods were received on the 12th, a total of 15 days, which is half a month. The delivery staff of Amazon also has a good service attitude.
Third, don't believe in Amazon's Black Friday, order on Friday, and it will be cheaper by almost 12 yuan after waiting for two days. That is, I bought it for more than 170 yuan (including shipping fees), and it feels like they raise the price when they have a promotion.
The customer service said that the price fluctuates, and I have been paying attention to the price for more than 10 days, and the price is just like this, with not much fluctuation.
Affordable price, made in Japan, with Chinese labels, with granules, absolutely guaranteed!
The one with particles in the ointment is just right, it feels refreshing and my teeth feel smooth after using it. There are too many second-hand things from the East, and they say they are imported goods, but many things do not have Chinese labels, and I don't know where they are sourced from.
From now on, I will only buy from Amazon and never go to second-hand stores again.
I have a suggestion, sometimes the Amazon app can't show the receipt, I hope it can be improved, and it will be better and better!
Over the years, the quality of service has been getting worse and worse, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
The garbage is excellent, but it does not consider customer needs. When placing an order, the special delivery time is 19:00-22:00.
Because there is an elderly person who cannot get out of bed after surgery at home, so the package can only be received at night.
The result was that they directly delivered it to my door at 12 o'clock in the afternoon, without any prior phone call.
If the delivery time is whatever time your delivery person wants to deliver, why bother to pretend and set a time for customers to choose?
If your own logistics cannot guarantee the service, then don't do e-commerce at all!
Let an old man with three wounds on his body get out of bed to open the door and receive a package, and he still has to find change to pay the fee!
There is a contact phone number on the order!
No one has called to explain anything from start to finish!
The so-called complaint service of Zhuoyue Network is just a group of outsiders who pretend to be there, put off your complaint and give you a so-called response.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I have encountered similar problems before, such as incorrect delivery times, but I could tolerate them. However, this time I could not tolerate it, it was too extreme!
After buying the new book in advance, I found that the cover and the back cover were reversed. How could they send the book to the customer with such a quality problem?
No one will contact you if you leave a negative comment.
Over the years, the quality of service has been getting worse and worse, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
I will not spend a penny on Excellent again.
The quality of the pictures is really unacceptable
As a title like "Ancient Map Collection", this book is really unacceptable in terms of the selection, layout, and printing of the pictures. Some pictures are even mosaicked, blurred to the point of being unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional map book, even if it is a small illustration, it should be worthy of the vast ancient documentary materials left by our ancestors in the catalogue!
(Besides, many images can be obtained from clear original files in related industry resources) What is the difference between using images to compile books and not using images?
I regret this kind of scholarship.
The text is not evaluated, and each family has its own distinction.
Overall 2 stars.
When I was in the second year of high school, I read this book just for fun. I thought I wouldn't get addicted to this kind of book, because I was not really interested in the web novels on Qidian before.
Then... I fell into the trap.
According to this plot, the whole book is quite light and pleasant. In the first part, Ye Xiu was still in the online game. Even if there was a struggle between guilds, it was not heavy because it was often bloodied by Ye Shen.
As for the part about the competition, I wrote about the bittersweet feeling of the changing times (perhaps I am too sensitive).
I spent a lot of time studying this book in my second year of high school, but I just couldn't stop.
The full-time description of characters and emotional lines is very impressive. Some characters only appear occasionally, but they also leave a deep impression on people. Characters such as Ye Shu, Huang Shaotian, and Su Mingorang, which are described in more detail, have a large number of fans. Characters that are not the focus of the writing, such as Jiang Bo, Tao Chu, and Xu Yunxiu, are also very popular. In a cool novel about e-sports, it is impossible to find a character that is hated to the extreme. This is the success of full-time in character description.
In terms of romance, there are no concubines, three million beauties, or corruption in the full-time novel, which is a common problem in ordinary online novels. All the characters in the novel have one thing in common, which is that they like the game Honor, and most of them want to achieve a dignified victory.
There is no big conspiracy behind the small calculations, and everyone seems so simple and lovely.
This is perhaps why there are no really unpleasant roles in full-time work.
The full-time IP is very large, and this is also due to it.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of web fiction, Full-time is a good book.
He really does provide people with some blood, some emotion.
The full-time anime adaptation will be released in April this year.
I've been wanting to buy this set of books for a long time, but I've been hesitant because my wallet is always too thin. Then, when I wanted to buy them, I found out that there were a lot of fake books on TB. In fact, there is another version of Full-time recently, and I quite like the cover, but I still plan to buy the old version first, so I went to Amazon to take a look, and I bought a set at once.
Next, let's talk about the goods.
● There is no plastic cover for the fourth book, but the book is new.
●The 17th plastic cover is open, but the quality of the book is strange and it doesn't feel hard.
●The 23rd and 17th volumes are the same, but they are harder than the 17th volume, but they are very old.
● The publishers of some books are different, for example, the 23rd and 17th are from the same publisher, and the others are different.
Overall, I am satisfied, 24 books in a large box, very satisfying.
The lonely little lion
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as "The Lost Corner", but there were still a lot of words!
I read this book three times before I finished reading it to my little friend. A little lion that can shoot, a little lion that loves to eat fruit juice and candy.
When I saw the scene of the lion eating the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern urban people cannot accept such an arrangement of being eaten by animals.
In the end, this little lion, who has succeeded in human society, has lost himself, he is no longer a complete lion, nor is he a complete human.
Finally, only the lion cub's back was visible, and we didn't know where he went.
Perhaps many years later, the image of this little lion will still be remembered by the grown-up children, and will be recalled one day, perhaps touching or inspiring them.
A collection of works with a high cost-performance ratio
1. I didn't know about TASCHEN before, but I recently bought a lot of their books because they are too powerful, whether it's the selection of topics or the production itself.
This work has been published in three versions. The largest version is about 50 cm long and 34 cm wide, just like the complete works of Michelangelo. The middle version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide. This version is the smallest, and it comes with a book box containing two volumes.
I personally think it's acceptable, firstly, the price is cheap, and the 700-plus pages are divided into two volumes, which is convenient for browsing; secondly, it is different from the complete works of Michelangelo, where the paintings take up the main body, and the black and white manuscripts of da Vinci take up the majority. For readers with limited budgets and non-art majors, this version has the highest cost-effectiveness for appreciating paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanation of the painting part is great, with analysis of composition, draft analysis, and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I don't know if it's a printing or book size problem, some shadow parts are too deep, and details can't be seen clearly, which is a bit regrettable.
3. Compared to Michelangelo's manuscripts, Da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer in content.
The former is already a genius, and the latter's breadth of knowledge and achievements are beyond the scope of genius.
If you only saw half of da Vinci's paintings before, you will be completely speechless after seeing the manuscripts.
Garbage, whoever buys it will regret it!
I have never given a bad review, this is really a waste of money, buy it and waste your money, give me a reason!
1. The time is not allowed to be walked, and suddenly it becomes January 1st, the time is reset to zero.
2. Poor quality straps are not made of silicone, and they cause allergic reactions and swelling on the wrist.
3. I often can't connect to my phone.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. Sleep detection is not shown, and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Other.
The logistics is too slow
It was supposed to arrive on October 16th, but I only received it on the 21st, and it was a bad review!
The delivery is so bad, buying things on Amazon is already slow, I didn't expect it to be this slow!
Overall satisfied
Previously, I was worried about the camera's packaging, but this time it was okay, there was an inflatable bag inside, the camera's serial number was consistent, and I could register it on the official website, the shutter count was 0, and the rest could only be tested with time.
The delivery speed is quite fast, and here I want to complain about the delivery man. The valuable items are left in the lobby, and he runs very fast. I can't check the box in front of him, and I have nothing to say about this.
The merchant thought about the customers before shipping the goods:)
The merchant is quite responsible, and specifically called to ask about the screen size of the camera used, which indeed shows that they are thinking about their customers.
The delivery speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also quite suitable and useful.
The battery is not fully charged
The machine is really good, I want to ask how come it doesn't fully charge when I first charge it, and the charging indicator light is always red
Currently, there is no official feedback channel for Amazon, so we can only provide feedback in product reviews
On March 29, I purchased this book for 31 yuan through pre-order, and it showed that it would be pushed to my device on March 31. At this time, I could not preview the book on the Amazon website (because it had not been released yet);
The book pushed to the device on March 31 was blank, with only a request for patience, and the electronic version of the book on Amazon was reduced to 18 yuan;
3. I have repeatedly tried to delete the blank book downloaded on the device, resynchronize it, and I still cannot obtain the electronic version of "The Nature of Business" containing the actual content, but I can see that the book is available for preview on the Amazon website.
I have a few thoughts at the moment
1. The issue of price is not the most important, the key is how to replace the blank books on Kindle with books with practical content, rather than always downloading books with the message "coming soon".
2. The book you pre-ordered should not be bought again in the future, after all, if you miss the train, you will have to download another book with empty content, and the process seems very complicated;
3. I hope Amazon can provide a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When there is a doubt about downloading or using e-books, there should be a place to feedback (ticket, online customer service are all available, you can refer to how Microsoft official store does it)
Not very recommended to read
I read it a long time ago, and I happened to see someone write a review based on memory.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of fragments of life about love.
The tone of the book is extremely plain, like plain water, and the use of words and sentences is extremely simple, and the plot is also as plain and quiet as a street on a summer afternoon.
Each short story is a glimpse of a small period of time in ordinary life, without a beginning or an end.
Finally collected together, it was named "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love".
I think this collection of short stories, and its title, is a kind of behavioral art. The author wants to express that love is not just the ups and downs on the stage, the ruins and desolation in urban legends, nor is it just the sticky sweetness of you and me. Love is not just the above, nor should it be represented by the above. Love is also an ordinary life, a dull and boring day after day, and there is also the helplessness towards life, the escape from reality, and the confusion about the future.
As you read this book, you may recall the couples fighting next to you, the dull marriages of people you know, and the unfulfilled love.
This is exactly why I do not recommend reading it. From an aesthetic point of view, the writing and plot of the book are both bland. Unless your life is full of ups and downs or you live in a candy castle, you will feel indifferent and bored while reading it.
In terms of depth of thought, the daily plot does not make people's eyes bright or expand one's thinking and vision (this is different from Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera), and the brief segments do not explore any issues, such as what kind of mistakes led to the failure of love?
What caused the protagonist's marriage to break down?
So I don't recommend reading this book, whether you read it or not doesn't really matter.
The author's ideas are more often expressed through techniques and genres than through the plot, which is also the reason why the reading experience of this book is not very good.
It is suitable for a rough reading, not for a detailed reading.
The book is well-structured, but the content is not very rich.
It has explained what and why many sales theories are, but it is weak in terms of how to do it, only pointing out the direction but not giving specific methods.
Also, the book feels like it was put together.
For example, there are both domestic and foreign ones; there are both well-known businessmen or salespeople and those who are not well-known.
I don't know if these stories were compiled to provide examples, but if some of the cases were experienced by the authors, they would be more convincing.
The terms customer and client are used interchangeably.
In the title, it is still a customer, but in the body, it becomes a client.
The e-book also had problems with typos, missing punctuation marks, and incorrect numbering.
In short, this book is a good choice for beginners, but it is not very suitable for people who are already engaged in sales work and want to improve their sales skills.
A quick guide to understanding Internet finance
This book is very shallow, and can be said to be just an introductory course, which can help people quickly understand the overall situation of Internet finance, but if you want to understand it in depth, you still need to study it carefully yourself.
The book was written a long time ago, and it does not mention the later battle between Alipay and WeChat for subsidies to cultivate user habits. Today, the proportion of third-party payment may not be as small as the book says.
Nowadays, many people go out to eat with their mobile phones, and merchants have abandoned UnionPay due to the high bank flow.
But I am still very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It is clear that the author has at least several years of financial observation experience, and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad. That is why he can write such easy-to-understand content.
It is easy to write in a grandiose manner, but the difficult part is to write in a simple and understandable way.
I appreciate you, and I want you to know!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the salary, but whether they receive enough attention and recognition in their work.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs, after the basic needs of survival are met, the most urgent need is the psychological need for understanding, affirmation, and appreciation.
Indeed, for the Chinese people, most of them are “love you in my heart but can’t express it”, even if they have love, gratitude and appreciation, they will keep it in their hearts and won’t say it out loud.
In this book, the author explains five languages of appreciation: affirming words, quality time, acts of service, tangible gifts, and physical touch.
I think it's not important whether you know what the five languages of appreciation are, but whether you can sincerely use these five languages to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, whether it's family, friends, or colleagues.
In fact, the more intimate the relationship, the more we need appreciation and gratitude, so that our lives can become more beautiful.
By learning to appreciate, enterprises can also retain talent to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.
Thank you to the translators for bringing us such wonderful foreign thoughts and worlds.
Due to cultural backgrounds, there are differences between Chinese and Western languages. If you have the opportunity to read the original version, you will gain more.
Thank you again to the authors, translators, and editors for their hard work!
Suspected of being a fake product, please have Amazon strictly review it
The quality is super bad, the packaging is loose, there is no weight, it is even worse than the products on the street stalls, there is no weight, there is no barcode, even the packaging of ten bags is loose, it is completely not the characteristic of a qualified product; it is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, I have applied for a refund; it is completely a quality problem; I recommend that the seller should open their eyes, refuse poor quality goods; supplement: I bought another box of Heart to Heart, which cost 23 yuan/10 packs in the supermarket, I added a few comparison photos, which further verified the poor quality of this product, in order to give consumers a clearer reference, to avoid economic losses and further discomfort!
I hope that Amazon can be meticulous and strictly control the source of goods.
The product is mediocre and falls short of expectations
Advantages:
1. Big brands, cheap prices.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are both guaranteed by PANASONIC, and it is also OK to use, but it falls short of my expectations.
Disadvantages:
1. There is no indicator light for charging, which means that the most basic power indicator is omitted. It is estimated that customers who purchase products for 300 yuan are also considered as charity in the eyes of Panasonic, with no respect at all.
2. Strong odor When charging, even if you only charge for 10 minutes, you can smell the strong smell of burning plastic.
The office has been using it for a day, and the whole house smells like plastic.
Compared to the Philips PHILIPS of the same price that I used before, although it has an extra blade, this product from Panasonic is really a disappointment to consumers.
Small packaging
When I received the package, I saw that it was labeled as the e-commerce version, and I knew I had fallen into another trap. It was smaller than what I bought at the supermarket, and it should be M. The packaging was different from the picture in the product introduction, which was supposed to be the new version.
Three stars are for blaming myself for not paying attention to the product specifications. I have no objection to you selling the M-code version of the product, but what do you mean by the wrong version?
E-commerce is tricky, so I still go to the supermarket to buy things when I have time.
It's purple.
I don't like the taste
The child doesn't like the taste of toothpaste, and every time he says it's spicy. Maybe it's more appropriate to use other words to describe it, but for now, that's the only word in the child's vocabulary.
I bought it when I was organizing an event, it was very cheap, so I didn't want to give it a bad review, four stars, but I won't buy it again.
It's the real thing, packaged well
The packaging is very complete, with an inflatable bag inside, and there is only one product without any online reviews.
The bottle is also wrapped in a layer of plastic film, as described in the picture. The delivery was also very fast, and it arrived the day after I took the picture.
It is genuine, but it is out of stock, and I don't know when it will be restocked.
A disappointing shopping experience
I placed an order during Black Friday, but I waited for a long time and never received it. After checking, I found that the package had been signed for a long time ago. I asked my colleagues, and they all said they didn't help sign for it. I quickly contacted the courier company, but they said that only the sender could initiate the inquiry. I contacted Amazon customer service, and I waited for more than ten days. Finally, I figured out that the package was mistakenly delivered to someone else. After several rounds of transfers, I finally got the package back. The outer packaging had been opened, but the goods were still intact. I don't know if they had been used, but in any case, it was quite frustrating.
Wrong illustration
I thought I would receive earphones like the one in Figure 1, but I received earphones like the one in Figure 2 instead. The discrepancy in the figures is one thing, but what does it mean that the left and right earphones have different sound volumes?
Although the names are the same, I hope everyone can pay attention, and I also ask the person in charge of Amazon to replace the correct picture in a timely manner, thank you very much.
The operating system is generally good
After using it for a while, the overall picture is still okay, I can't feel any difference, it's just that this system makes people confused, the boot time is obviously a bit slow, and it's impossible to make a good setting, the software that comes with it is not worth commenting on, the response speed is even more ordinary, and it's not even in the same league as my colleague's.
I read the comments saying it was a humanized design, but I didn't find any humanized design, and the location of the commonly used up, down, left, right, and back keys was really not worthy of praise.
So, just be a TV, plus a TV box or something like that.
The price cut is too strong
The price drop is too strong, it's now 99 for over 100!
I have accumulated a lot of unrated orders on Amazon, so I use a copied paragraph as the review content.
If I use this sentence to evaluate it, it means that this product is at least 85 points.
For products that are not so good, I will definitely not be lazy and copy and paste reviews, so that other consumers can use them as a reference when buying, and the merchants can improve the quality of their products as a result.
Low price, good line, no fever, that's enough!
This line is so cheap, but it should meet the HDMI certification standard. I personally compared it with the crap from Akihabara in Japan (which is twice as expensive), and the line is thick and soft, with no noise when transmitting 7 meters. I will definitely buy this line in the future!
The products are okay, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites
After placing the order, I found that I had made a mistake, but I could not cancel the order, and the webpage contacting the online customer service always showed an error link, and I could not contact it.
After the delivery person delivered the goods, he called me and said that I didn't want it, and I wanted to cancel the order, but it didn't cancel successfully, so the delivery person took it back and said that I should sign for it and apply for a refund.
I was only informed that food items cannot be returned once they are received when I applied for a return. I couldn't call Amazon customer service, and they said the same thing, that food items cannot be returned once they are received.
I have bought items that cannot be returned due to policy before in JD.com and Suning, including milk, diapers, etc. I contacted customer service and they returned them. Moreover, the diapers from JD.com smelled too strong after opening, and customer service still returned them. But it doesn't work on Amazon.
Rules are dead, people are alive, how to handle it when you contact your customer service?
Tell me to either pick it up myself or let the delivery person buy it themselves. The delivery person is already having a hard time, why should I make them spend money to buy something they didn't buy themselves?
Okay, I won't return it either, I'll keep it for myself, but I have to give you a 1 for your service
I advise you not to waste your money
First of all, I was full of expectations when I bought it, thinking that the Doudou brand should not be bad, but when I received it, I found that the packaging was okay, the size was not bad, but there was one box that was basically soft, and you could not tell from the outside, you had to touch it, and when you put it in your mouth, there was no taste at all, it was bland and tasteless, the flesh was dark yellow, it was bad, it was sold by quality, only about one third of it was edible, I advise everyone not to buy it, it is not cheap, the quality is too poor!
Eat one pit and gain one wisdom, I will never buy fruit from e-commerce again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting mark on the product
The severe indentation at the bottom of the bottle must have been caused by a strong impact. From the outer packaging bag, it seems that the degree of devastation is heartbreaking. After all, the packaging of food is too simple, and it is also from international purchases. There is no obvious anti-counterfeiting mark on it. Opening the bottle is very easy. The key is that the layer of honey inside the cap directly flows out from the inside. There is almost no adhesiveness when the bottle is opened. Is this the case with all foreign products?
I, who was born in China, am a little confused.
It should be the real thing, right?
The one I received on the 14th was also marked as being sent on the 20th. This is the first time I have purchased something overseas here, and I just wanted to write down my doubts. Maybe this is all normal?
The pick-up service needs to be improved
I bought a total of 5 pick-up vouchers. When I went to pick them up, I made an appointment to pick up 3 vouchers at a time. However, only 2 vouchers were sent, and it was confirmed after communication that they were missed. After the second appointment, I happened to be on a rest day. The website and WeChat did not remind me that I needed to make an appointment on a working day, causing unnecessary panic. It is recommended to improve this in the future.
Good shopping
Great reviews!
I still trust Amazon's self-operated products. It is very convenient to buy things from abroad now. The logistics time from abroad is only a few days more than that in China. I have to say that Amazon's customs clearance ability from abroad to China is very strong. It is much faster than transshipment. Therefore, many things are now bought from Amazon Global.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be improved. Many things are produced domestically, but they are cheaper when bought abroad than when bought domestically. I hope that this can be improved.
Garbage
When you see a package like this, ask yourself: Do you think it's garbage on the side of the road?
A plastic bag that is easy to break, sent from so-called Germany in a plastic bag, is this kind of packaging responsible?
I think this kind of packaging is just like packaging garbage. When I bought this product, the packaging was so simple and crude, there was no measure to prevent damage, just a simple plastic bag, after I got it, the packaging was completely deformed, and the items inside were also damaged.
If I just encounter one like this, I admit it, I bought a few like this, I contacted Amazon customer service, and the customer service said that I could return it, but I had to pay the shipping fee in advance, and then the shipping fee was returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I'm asking, I paid the shipping fee with cash, you gave me a gift card, this is just asking me to buy your gift card myself, and I have to mail the product to the German warehouse myself, this is not buying a product and being punished!
I have been telling the customer service that it is their responsibility to solve this problem, but they have not said a word about it. They are not even willing to take responsibility for it. How can there be any guarantee for after-sales service like this?
The quality is very good, 5 stars, but the logistics is very poor
1, the quality is very good, it is a bargain, the price is reasonable, and it is worth the money.
2, solid, enough material, strong welding points, proper surface treatment, good color.
3, logistics is a hard injury, the order was placed on the 3rd, and it arrived on the 11th.
4, If Amazon doesn't mark the estimated delivery time as February 7, I might be satisfied.
5, but if the expected delivery time is marked, it is equivalent to making a promise to the user, and when the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user will suffer.
6. If you are not sure you can keep a promise, please do not make a promise.
7. In fact, I am very concerned about the commitments made by the merchants.
8, so I got a low score.
The gold thread will fade
It does have an effect, but whether it is obvious or not depends on the individual, or it may be a psychological effect.
There is one thing that is not so good, which is the gold line. It was originally designed to look good, but in fact, this gold line will fade, and if you put it on the car, if you touch it a few times, there will be some gold powder on your hands and on the car.
I hope the product can be improved.
This kind of square one doesn't have much decorative effect, so don't put gold lines on it, it will get dirty on the car and cause trouble.
The goods are in good condition, the speed is good, and they are packaged in two different packages
The speed of 8 days is quite fast, but it was divided into 2 packages for 2 items, and the packaging was different. It was obvious that one was over-protected, with thick cardboard pasted on it, sealed with layers of plastic, and the outer packaging was also easy to open. One was like a domestic express box, with a few buffer airbags inside, and that was it. It felt a bit superficial.
The Yalan mattress is really good
The 34CM mattress is not thick, so you can sleep directly on the mattress.
The quality is very good, both the front and back are soft, sleeping on it is very comfortable, and I fell asleep quickly.
After receiving the mattress, there were some stains on it due to the violent transportation of the courier. Yalan customer service was very responsible and efficient in contacting and solving the problem.
It's not a self-produced product, Amazon is shameless
The page clearly indicates self-operated, in fact, it is delivered by the supplier, after-sales service is provided by the supplier, and you can contact the supplier directly if there is a problem.
If you want to cancel the order, I'm sorry, the order information has been sent to the supplier and cannot be canceled; if you want to return or exchange the goods, you have successfully applied for a return or exchange on Amazon, I'm sorry, no one will help you, you need to contact the supplier to return the goods yourself.
This is a self-operated commodity.
The goods are not delivered by Amazon, and after-sales service is not provided by Amazon. The customer service even said, "I will help you contact the supplier", and claimed that it was self-operated. This is too shameless, it is a blatant fraud to consumers!
Frustrating experience
The filter cartridge I bought from another website before has a good filtering effect, and it still works well after 28 days, without any scale.
Because the quality of the things I have purchased from Amazon has always been good, I wanted to buy it here this time. This is the first time I have bought a filter cartridge from Amazon. I don't feel good about it. Not only did it start to have water scale early on, but the filter cartridge was used until the 28th day, and there were always small black carbon powders floating around. I don't know whether to continue using it or just throw it away. I am very disappointed.
It's not as good as I imagined
Compared with the power strips I have used before, the external workmanship is average, and I have not opened it to see the internal workmanship, but I hope it is as described by the store. From the convenience of use, there is a lack of display of whether each independent unit is powered
The packaging is damaged, so wait for the time to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is severely damaged, but the inner packaging box seems to be new. However, the manual does not seem to be new. The apartment was renovated in September. I hope that the goods will not be damaged when they are stored. Please explain to me why several customers have mentioned the damaged packaging, but you can still handle it. Thank you!
Overall not bad, but there are some minor issues
I bought a water filter for the first time, read a few reviews, and felt that LAICA had a better cost-effectiveness, so I chose it. I received the product, followed the instructions to install the filter, tried it out, and felt that it was generally good, but when pouring water, it seemed that the original water would mix with the treated water from the spout (the original water was not sealed tightly).
When using, be sure to wait until all the water is filtered before pouring it out!
The picture is incomplete
The picture does not show the details of the side, the details of the side do not match the style of the main body, there is a big difference, this is one; this bead is made in Thailand, there is no indication of the place of origin, this is two; there is no indication of the quality, this is three; when I bought it in the UK, there were clearly boxes for each item, here there is only a simple plastic bag, and there is no product mark on the bead, how can I judge whether it is real or fake.
Be careful when buying, especially when buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service is really bad
I placed an order two days ago, and today I received it and found that it had dropped by 40 yuan. I spent a lot of time looking for customer service, and the customer service said that there was no way to make up for the difference, but I could re-purchase and return the goods.
This customer experience and service is a thousand times better than that of some other companies.
It's okay, it's worth buying as a beginner
The quality is good, and it can't be compared with the best gold Buddha. I saw the price in the mall before, it was several hundred, and I am playing with gold Buddha for the first time, it's okay.
The food is good
The products are really good, I sent them to my girlfriend, but I was a little unhappy because I was not at home when the courier arrived at noon. The logistics company directly put the mail in the storage box and did not send me a confirmation message. This made me run back and forth twice.
But the baby is really cute.
Worth buying
The little monkey is cute, Amazon's discounts are really big, and Zhou Shengsheng's official website directly ships the goods. I placed the order last night, and I received it this afternoon, which is really fast.
The postal delivery person is also very responsible.
Great!
A customer's confession
1. When you receive such a defective product, Amazon customer service will tell you not to worry, we will contact you within 54 hours.
2 Then you contact the customer service staff in the middle, they will tell you that this problem will be handled by a specialist, who will inform you of the result.
You can never reach this commissioner on your own initiative, you don't know her work number, you don't have her direct line phone number, you can't reach her, only she can reach you.
The tragedy is that after waiting for nearly 3 days, this commissioner contacted me, and my phone was out of reach for a while, so I didn't receive a call from this commissioner.
I waited for two hours for the specialist's call, but it never came. During this time, I proactively contacted Amazon customer service and sent an email asking her to call me back.
It's been almost 3 days and I still don't know what Amazon will do about the defective coffee machine I received!
There is no problem with the products of Amazon in the United States, and shopping overseas is a good way, but the service of Amazon in the United States is far from good.
6For me, I can only continue to wait...
The bottom is not flat
Because the reviews on the website were all good, everyone was looking forward to this pot, and when they got it, they liked it very much, it was very light, but when they started cooking, they found a problem, the bottom of the pot was not flat, it was protruding in the middle, and the surrounding area was sunken, the oil all ran to the surrounding area, the big fat meat that I specially bought was fried out, and there was no oil to cover the central area, it was a mess, the pot could not be opened, this kind of structure is probably not suitable for normal cooking.
I don't know if I'm just unlucky, but I just happened to get a pot that was not level, and luckily Amazon provides a one-month return service, so I returned it decisively.
I cleaned the pot and returned it, and I was busy for half a day.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The cube-shaped design, the designer has processed the top into a slightly curved surface.
It should have been a very smooth line.
Unfortunately, the final result was not achieved.
Because there are two parts on the top, the front is the control panel, and the back is the water tank lid.
The arc of the top cover and the arc of the control panel are inconsistent, and there is a height difference of up to 2mm after assembly.
Although it looks like a very small gap.
But it can be said that it destroyed the entire design sense.
I feel sorry for the product designer.
It seems that the product manager of Midea is not capable of creating products of this level.
(Of course, we cannot ask too much from the after-sales service, but when I heard the after-sales service say that all the products were like this, not just the one I bought that had problems, her indifference and honest burden made me understand that we cannot ask too much from beauty either.)
The discount is very reasonable, and the fake discount on Amazon is very heartbreaking
Buy it a week after the baby is born, it is super insulated.
The outside of the pot cannot be touched by any heat, which means it is not afraid of burning people and can effectively protect the temperature from dissipating.
After a night in the air-conditioned room, the temperature remains high.
Amazon said that there were 320 great discounts for the anniversary event, but later we found that there were 249, 289, and 299, which made us feel cheated. However, after comparing prices at the supermarket, we found that it was still cheaper than various brands at the same price. In the future, we can take it with us when we go out.
Vitamix 6300
I have been waiting for a long time, and I saw that Meiya 6300 was on sale, and the price was the same as that of Central Asia Overseas Purchase, so I quickly bought it.
I placed the order on September 2nd, and it was expected to arrive on the 21st. However, it arrived on the 12th, which was almost 10 days earlier. The speed was really fast!
The packaging box is not big, and it is directly used in the original packaging of Vitamix. Amazon is not afraid of it being damaged by being thrown across the ocean!
The machine looks new, the parts are complete, but the cup shakes violently when placed on the base, I'm afraid the cup will fly out directly when I turn it on!
I asked a friend who has 5200, and he described it as not as loose as mine.
The recipe that comes with the random package is in English, which is quite tiring to read. I couldn't find a Chinese version online, which is a hassle!
After receiving the goods, I quickly bought a transformer, and it should arrive in 3 days. I will tinker with it then!
It's too small, there's no umbrella cover, and the material is average.
It's not a big deal at all!
The second umbrella, 1. This umbrella does not have a cover 2. The umbrella handle is generally made of plastic 3. Although it is labeled as Large, it is actually a convenient umbrella for one person, and it is estimated that two people can use it.
On the contrary, the one I bought from Meiya before can be used by three people without any pressure.
I don't feel very well
First of all, the box is not very sturdy, it deforms when you press it, secondly, the design on the back to prevent the ABS from scratching the box and not working, thirdly, the place where the box is covered with a piece of cloth and has a pull tab is highlighted... and so on, all kinds of dissatisfaction, finally, the zipper is a bit awkward.
PS: The wheels feel really good
It is also possible
Pros: This shoulder bag is quite elegant and looks durable.
Cons: The QR code on the card cannot be scanned (what the hell is going on), the 15.6-inch laptop cannot be placed inside (can it be a little longer), this shoulder bag can be locked, but it does not come with a lock for the buyer, which cannot be called service-oriented.
It's okay overall, I don't know if it's real leather
The overall feeling is okay, I don't know if it's real leather, so I can't blindly evaluate it.
It can hold A4-sized documents, and can hold up to 80 pages thick, but it is estimated that it cannot hold a box-shaped object that is too thick and too hard (cannot be deformed).
The bag is very soft, and the inner compartments are also quite humanized, which is quite good.
The bottom of the one I got has a small sand hole, I don't know if it's because of my bad character or what?
I'm too lazy to go back and forth to exchange goods, so I'll just endure it.
Overall, it's worth four stars.
ForRoyal is popular all over the world. Camera straps, single-lens reflex camera straps
This backpack is designed to be more scientific, with a double shoulder strap, practical, and the camera is fixed and protected in front of the chest with soft materials, unlike other quick-drawers who fix the bottom of the camera with screws, and it is also very convenient to take off the camera.
Garbage after-sales
I bought a guitar a month and a half ago, and it's missing a part. After I notified Amazon, they gave me a customer service phone number. After several communications, I still haven't received the part. What kind of efficiency is this?
It is estimated that after-sales service will be more troublesome, so friends who value good after-sales service should take a detour, it's too troublesome!
It has minor flaws, but the sound quality is good
The guitar has a defect, it is missing a corner, it feels like a second-hand product, and there is no gift, but the price is not bad, and the sound of the guitar is not bad.
It's okay, the first bill
I've been using it for a long time, and it's not bad overall, except for the low notes not coming out.
The workmanship is not as perfect as imagined.
The first time I bought it, there was a problem with the item, all the lights were flashing and it was unusable.
I asked for an exchange, but the goods have been in Shanghai for three days and have not been delivered yet.
The phone number for delivery is not being answered.
The courier company said they only had that contact information.
Amazon can't find a place to complain.
There was no request, but for some reason, the delivery was delayed according to my request - this is the message that came.
Then they talk about transit issues.
The poor shopping experience has made me start to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics and control systems.
It is estimated that we will not get it today.
The label is too sticky and not waterproof
Although Bluetooth connection is very convenient, the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface is not covered with a film; the label adhesion is poor, and it is not suitable for cable labels at all, and it is very easy to fall off. Friends who buy it to organize cables need to pay attention to this.
The pen is okay, but the package is too simple, just a paper box, without any protection measures, and the box containing the pen is glued with a large piece of transparent tape, which tears off the tape on the box.
A 600 yuan item was treated like this, a very disappointing shopping experience.
The pen is fine.
I hope there will be more improvements in the packaging in the future!
The quality is not worth mentioning, and if we talk about writing, it is not as good as 925-25
First, let's praise TNT Express, air transportation, super fast, and good service attitude!
I have been using 925-25, which is very good. I just received 925-85, the quality of the pen is excellent, and the style is very beautiful. The reason I gave it four stars is because the pen is a bit heavy, not suitable for fast writing, and there is a slight wobble when adjusting the length of the lead in the pen cap. Personal opinion: 925-25 is more convenient than 85.
So I became an Amazon diehard fan
I bought it at a super discounted price, but my child doesn't like the stylus.
It has been opened, and I tried to apply for a refund, and they even came to pick it up for free.
It's so cool.
We do not advocate returns, but this service is unique in China.
I hope it won't be abused.
I have bought all the books that will be published in the future.
The earphones have a bias, and there is noise
This headset is really garbage, I don't know if it's my ears that are the problem, or if this headset is really not as good as before.
I bought a blue one two years ago from a certain store, and the sound quality was not bad, there was no noise, and the bass was not bad either. I used it for more than two years and it broke down, so I plan to buy another one (Urbeats), after all, it feels pretty good.
I also saw a purple one that looked pretty good, but when I opened it today, I felt like it was off, with the sound getting louder and softer at the same time.
At first, I thought it was because of the sound effects of the song, but after listening for half an hour, I realized that the problem was serious. Not only was there a distortion, the bass effect was not as good as before, and there was some noise. Is it only my purple one that has this phenomenon? Or is it because the manufacturing process of the earphones is not good now?
A pretty bad review, very disappointing.
You must return the item during the day tomorrow.
The PS looks pretty good
This AV amplifier is complicated to set up, has rough workmanship, and generates a lot of heat.
The sound will be reviewed after a period of use!
I just got the German version of DN1080 on August 14th. At first glance, the workmanship is good or bad.
1. The front panel and the rotary knob are both made of plastic.
2. The rear panel audio input jack and the speaker output terminal are both very poor. It would be much better to find a CD amplifier with a price of 1000-2000.
3. The top cover is relatively thin, and my transformer is sunken on one side. I had to open the box and use my hands to restore the top cover and front panel.
4. The entire machine is biased towards the transformer end, and it is very awkward to move.
It feels like a beginner's machine from SONY, with that kind of workmanship, made in Malaysia.
I feel that Sony is better than Xiaomi when it comes to outsourcing in China.
5. The machine gets hot, and when watching a movie, the top cover gets hot after about two hours. When you touch it with your hand, it feels like 40-50°C. I don't know if it's because the transformer is too big and generates a lot of heat.
Nowadays, switch power supplies are more commonly used, and this big transformer is estimated to weigh 4 kg.
Sony should use a silent fan with active cooling inside the machine, but when I opened the box, I only saw a large aluminum plate for cooling on the pipe.
Little Gui
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise integrating research and development design, processing and production, marketing and trade. It mainly produces men's outdoor leisure clothing and is a young enterprise that is developing rapidly.
FANDUN JEEP clothing focuses on the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, introducing international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and building a first-class clothing production line in China.
We strive for excellence in production and services, quality and brand, benefits and public welfare.
In terms of information construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, strengthening and improving the comprehensive management capabilities of enterprises, and overall improving the modern management level of enterprises.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of “honesty, harmony, quality, and excellence”, and its products are well-received by a large number of customers in the domestic market.
Vanguard Jeanswear, because it is young, it is confident!
We sincerely welcome customers from home and abroad to come and cooperate with us, and create a brilliant future together!
Corporate spirit: proactive and progressive, service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication, corporate mission: lead the trend, establish the brand.
I have never opened it.
The battery is in use.
I really want to dissect it and see what's inside its belly.
Later, I thought, what if I am disappointed after opening it, it would be too unfair to spend so much money; what if I am satisfied after opening it, it would be difficult to put it back together, and it would not be enjoyable to use it.
Forget it, let's assume that Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed explanation of the electricity, most people will feel empty-handed.
I'm fine, I've worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time, except for not understanding circuits, I'm also half an engineer, I can handle it.
Overjoyed
I was really worried before buying it, but when I opened it and saw the packaging, I felt it was very authentic!
Finally, when I touched the earphone line, it felt particularly flexible, the quality was too good, and I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and open QQ Music.
I was amazed, the sound quality was actually surround 3D stereo!
I asked in a physical communication store, it was about 30, but it was not the brand of Pingsheng, it was a mixed brand, so I said that this Pingsheng, although it was 27 yuan, it was definitely worth having!
The worst online shopping experience
After placing the order on September 28, the system showed that the order had been shipped, but I still didn't receive the goods until October 12.
Check the status of your Amazon order, the seller did not provide a tracking number, and I can't find where the order is.
So I sent an email to the seller asking if they could provide a tracking number, but I never received a response after two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service, and they gave me the seller's phone number. I called the seller, and after a few calls, the phone was connected. I was told that the package was lost, and I could immediately have a new one sent to me.
Although I was very angry, I didn't say much to the seller because I urgently needed the computer, and as long as it was sent to me immediately, that was fine.
As a result, the next day I called to ask if the goods had been shipped.
The seller said it hasn't been sent yet, it will be sent in the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon to ask, and the seller said it would definitely be sent, and the goods would be sent after 5 or 6 o'clock in the afternoon. However, when I called at 7 o'clock in the evening, there was no one to answer the phone.
On the third day in the morning, I called again, asking if the goods had been shipped out.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it hasn't been sent, and told me to order from someone else if I was in a hurry, and it would be sent in the afternoon if I could wait.
There's no way, I have to wait a long time to order from someone else.
I can only ask the seller to hurry up and ship it.
After countless phone calls, I finally received the computer on October 16.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because I bought it for someone else, and I will add a review later.
I bought it half a year ago and used it a few times, but now it has become unserviceable. Can I ask for a repair?
Because I have a desktop computer, I haven't used it much since I bought it.
Just bring it with you in your suitcase when you go on a business trip.
Recently, it was found that when the power supply is connected, it does not charge, and it needs to be charged by shaking the connection of the charger and the line with your hand.
I suspect that there is poor contact at the interface, and I don't know if it can be repaired now?
Strongly recommend that Amazon stop using EMS!
Products five stars, logistics one star, average three stars.
I don't understand why Amazon needs to send EMS, which is not trustworthy in the industry. Well, a computer is also a valuable item!
The order after purchase shows that it is expected to be delivered on the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send something from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
The 22nd morning, the logistics finally arrived in Fuzhou. I was ready to receive the package with a happy heart. However, in the evening, without receiving any phone call or text message, I checked the logistics and found that it had been signed for at noon, and it even showed that I had signed for it myself!
I was shocked instantly!
Who am I? Where am I? Is this computer really mine?
I'm starting to doubt the meaning of life!
Finally, I went to the collection point to pick up the computer and brought it back.
The specific reason is simple: the delivery person mixed up the two order numbers. Fortunately, the package was not lost.
I strongly recommend that Amazon should not use EMS anymore. If Amazon uses EMS to send parcels in the future, I will definitely not buy from them again.
The goods are not bad
First of all, I bought it a few days ago and found that the price has dropped. The reviews are not good, but it is still not bad. The price-performance ratio is high. The CPU and graphics card are enough to handle mainstream online games and a considerable part of large single-player games. The heat dissipation is very good, but the screen has some light leakage (a common problem of IPS screens), the sound quality is not very good, the hard disk is not good (it is recommended to spend some money to add a solid-state drive), yesterday I took it to the after-sales service center for hardware testing, there were no problems, the built-in Windows 8.1 is not very easy to use, it is recommended to upgrade to 10, the seller shipped the goods very quickly, and the answers to all inquiries were also very fast, the invoice arrived the day after I received the computer, it is not bad, it is a pity that there are no gifts.
(By the way, when buying keyboard stickers, please do not go to a store called E-Cool Digital Center on JD.com. The delivery is slow, the quality is poor, the products have problems and cannot be returned or exchanged, and the boss is full of dirty words. I will especially expose this.)
The food is good, but the platform bureaucracy is still there
The hard drive quality is very good, the cost-effectiveness is absolutely high, it is cheaper than buying in Hong Kong, and it is absolutely recommended to buy if you are not in a hurry to use it and can tolerate the logistics.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still there, and it has not improved since I swore never to use it a few years ago. You can never find out the actual logistics status, the information is always delivered a few weeks later, you can never complain, it is just so bureaucratic!
The goods have been received for several days, and the logistics information is that you will receive the goods in 10 days!
Logistics is not easy
The package arrived in this condition, not only was it flattened, but the electrical appliance package was also open, and I don't know if it was tampered with.
FYI
I haven't tried it yet, but I always trust Philips, and I hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
I checked online, it may be a common problem with water ingress, and there is no warranty.
Frustrated!
Now wrap it in plastic wrap and continue to use it, I don't know how long it can be used?
Buy one that someone else has opened.
The tax on over 300 machines is indeed quite high, and now that it's over 600, I feel more balanced.
When I received it, the sealing tape looked very wrong, as if it had been opened before. I quickly took a photo, and sure enough, it tore open easily. When I opened it, the cardboard inside was damaged, and I was worried that it was someone else's return. I quickly tried it on my husband before the anniversary, but the machine didn't work at all. Fortunately, there was no mess in the blade. How could someone return it so far away!
It is not known whether it is good to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term. As the previous reviews, the things sent out when there is a shortage are indeed not reliable!
The level of experience is slightly above average
It's almost top-of-the-line electric, with many types of toothbrush modes, but few people will change modes every day.
I have been using it for half a year without any problems, I brush my teeth every day, and I have been doing it for more than a week.
The brush head accessories are just as cheap on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use, except for changing the color, are the other compatibility issues due to the overseas version?
I hope to learn the Fa.
The cost-effectiveness is very high
I have used it 3-4 times.
1. The package is intact.
2, it is very simple to use, and cleaning is also very convenient.
3. You can DIY your haircut, which saves money.
Overall, a very successful purchase.
There are fake goods
I bought two packs last time, and they turned out to be two different versions. The letters in the lower left corner of the package were green, but one of the packages was not, and the letters were white. As a result, the cat got diarrhea after eating it.
I'm not sure if the source of the goods from Amazon is fake, or if the goods were misplaced by the staff when they were shipped.
I will buy it again, and if it is still fake, I will hold you and your related people accountable.
It's a crossbar!
The slash is diagonal on the Amazon picture, but they sent me a horizontal slash. Isn't that cheating?
The effect is okay
Cats love to eat, that's the point.
It does work.
Tight, narrow, with a clamped foot and a ground foot.
Not recommended.
1.UN is the most comfortable series of clarks, but unfortunately this one is too bad.
Addition: Today, I compared the previous UN series insoles (I kept the insoles and threw away the shoes), the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, the breathability is not as good as before, it's just fake soft.
2. My heel is not high, and the pressure point is about 3 cm forward from the highest point of the heel.
3. I bought three pairs of Clarks overseas, but only one pair fits.
I was so scared that I deleted all the music in my collection.
Try Rockport again, if it doesn't work, you can only go to the Ecco physical store.
Using inferior materials to make good products, quality control is poor
First of all, it is worth mentioning that Prime Overseas Shopping Ups is very powerful, and the order placed on the 31st was received on the 6th.
The shoes are much nicer in person than in the picture, and the leather feels good.
The shoe size is slightly larger, 25 feet long and 10.5 inches wide, size 7.5W, the shoes are slightly loose, but I usually like to wear slightly loose shoes, and the shoe pads are just right.
Secondly, the quality control of this shoe is really not to be praised. One shoe has a damaged sole, the other shoe has various scratches and a needle hole, the glue strip connecting the shoe face and sole is misaligned, and it is blatantly using inferior materials to make up for it!
I regret it!
I bought it for 280 yuan during the activity, which is quite cost-effective for buying Arthur's products. Of course, there are even lower prices in the comments.
Now let's talk about shoes. The advantages are: the shoes are light, running is comfortable, and they fit well, so they won't sag.
It has a high appearance value but also has obvious shortcomings: I usually wear size 40 shoes, but this time I bought size 40.5, and the front of the shoe is about 1 thumb away, but this does not affect anything.
These shoes are very “narrow”, although there is still some space in front, but it feels tight.
Another thing is that the shoes may not be breathable, and now I feel my feet are very hot.
Press the back of your feet
First of all, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are pretty standard, running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, I have also bought a few pairs of Amazon's Love Walk, and I have never had any problems with them. However, these shoes, which I bought based on the reviews, are one size larger (uk7), and they are obviously too long. However, because the insole is too thick, it still presses on the back of my feet, which is very uncomfortable. In addition, the hiking shoes are very hard, which makes it even more difficult to wear them.
If you don't have particularly thin feet, I wouldn't recommend buying this one.
If you really need to buy it, you can also solve the problem by changing the insole, but the original insole looks very high-end, and it's a pity not to use it.
A very perfect shopping experience!
I am very satisfied, I really like it, there is no doubt that the products from Amazon overseas are genuine, the quality is very good, the price is reasonable, I can buy with confidence, the after-sales service is very thoughtful, the customer service attitude is very friendly and kind, they handle problems patiently and efficiently, they perfectly solve my worries, the delivery service is very convenient and reliable, the delivery person is very considerate of the customers, they always remind me to pick up the goods from the courier box in time, thank you, Amazon, for providing such a comfortable shopping experience for customers.
In short, we all love shopping on Amazon overseas!
Absolutely terrible review!
I am really speechless about this agency and Amazon.
In the future, you should be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon.
Although it has been a long time, I still have to come and complain.
I bought it on sale in winter for less than 200, but it has been sitting at home for a few months without being used.
When I needed to use it in the spring, I found that it could not be connected to the wristband, and both devices stated that they supported each other. Later, I found that it was probably a problem with the heart rate band, because I could not connect it to other devices.
I called Amazon and asked them to contact the agent company, and the agent company asked me to pay for the shipping of the equipment to Shanghai for testing.
After almost half a month, the package was returned to me in its original condition, and even the delivery box was the one I used when I sent it!
There is no response, acknowledgment, or test report!
You should at least tell me whether it's good or bad!
Call to ask, saying that sending it back like this indicates that the equipment is fine, which is good.
But I still can't connect, the agent company replied: It's not their problem.
I'm unlucky, I don't want to be bothered by you guys for a 200 yuan thing.
It's a serious mismatch.
It's not a good idea to use non-food items.
The material of the headband is very good.
It's much better than Nike.
It also has good breathability.
Just the hat in front.
Very fine.
Are you here to make fun of me?!
It doesn't completely block out the sun.
I didn't return it because the headband function is good.
Although it can't block the sun, it can be worn upwards.
But it is different from other headband styles.
Keep it for later use.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks contractual spirit, and the delivery person is good.
I request delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's regulations do not allow for deliveries on Saturdays and Sundays.
I had to drive 200 kilometers from a distant place to come back and pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The delivery person was very active and enthusiastic.
Give me a like!
The product is simple to try, and it's not bad.
But I have never bought similar products before, so I can't compare prices!
Size  Logistics
The workmanship is okay, but the logistics is too slow. The shoes I bought before were all from DHL. This time, Apex is... I have bought a lot of UA in China, and the prices are not low. I feel that they are of a higher level than NIKE and ADIDAS?
They are all the same, so let's shop online.
Size: I am 176 cm tall and weigh 68 kg. My shoulders are usually 180 cm wide, so I bought an M. The bottom is slightly long, but the rest fits perfectly. I saw someone recommend an S size. Is my body that slender? Or do you prefer tight-fitting clothes? I think a loose-fitting hat would be better.
Just the right size
Chest size 99, height 184, weight 84 kg, I consulted the customer service before buying and was told to buy XXL, then I read the reviews and decided to buy L, and when I received it, I found that the size was just right, I almost got scammed.
The prices on Double Eleven are much higher than those on Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The problem of cheap goods is very troublesome!
The order placed on the 18th was only received on the 25th, the speed of the snail from Guangzhou to Beijing!
I bought a Z bargain item, which was informed in the description that there were scratches, but when I received the item, I found that there were 4 screws and nuts missing!
The child does not want to return the goods, thinking that the problem is not big, but the child's grandfather has run to several hardware stores nearby and still cannot find the parts!
Finally, Grandpa put it on!
It seems that I can't buy cheap goods in the future!
The quality of toy processing is not good
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, it is very difficult to install the upper bolt, which shows that the processing quality is not good. I don't know how long it can be used, because it is a promise to the child, so I won't return it.
Other reviews say that installation is not difficult, so is there a problem with the one I bought?
Very ordinary
Is it just bad luck?
The packaging is too old; the workmanship is very ordinary; the music is only one kind and only 8 seconds long, and then it repeats endlessly; the action is just shaking your head and walking forward on your own, without any changes.
It's not worth the price.
If it's urgent, we won't accept returns.
The toy quality is good, but I have to complain about the packaging
I received the package yesterday, which I bought from Amazon. It was marked as EMS delivery, and finally, it was delivered by Tmall's courier. How many twists and turns did it go through? Is the relationship between Amazon and Tmall still good?
Let's talk about the packaging again. It was wrapped in several layers of preservation film, and there was not even a single plastic bubble wrap inside. When I opened it, all the parts were placed in an empty box. Fortunately, the toy was of good quality, and there were no broken parts. However, it was much larger than I imagined, because it was not battery-powered, and it often derailed when pushed by hand, because the gap between the tracks was too large, and the design was unreasonable.
Good quality, fun
It's very fun, the components are very accurate, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is almost the same as Lego, and the price is very cheap when you do activities.
The process of assembling is quite interesting, I come to assemble, my 5-year-old son comes to play, it's pretty good.
He was laughing and having fun~ I will probably continue to buy toys from this brand in the future.
The machine is new, and the shopping experience is great
I have checked the Christmas Day, the one I bought before was 150 yuan more expensive, but the delivery is a bit slow now.
The machine is still pretty good, it's all new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then, if you connect the fairy ball, you will receive a fantasy.
It's not bad to play, better than PS4, and has high portability.
I have already bought Zelda, I am waiting for the game, I will try again.
Produce bad products, sell bad products, and the result is bad service. I bought six watches to give to my child, but one of them has a digital display that is not completely accurate, and the time on all six watches is not consistent, ranging from a few hours to a few days.
I contacted the manufacturer to ask if there was a check-in time for the watch. They replied “yes”. If there is, why is there such a big difference in time? That must be because the watch lacks accuracy, in other words, it is a fake product. It’s not what I said that sounds bad, it’s a very obvious quality problem (the numbers are not complete) that is being sold. Isn’t it a piece of junk?
I contacted the seller, and the seller gave me a lot of reasons, and complained that I shouldn't have bought their products in the first place. This kind of product, this kind of seller, this kind of after-sales service, who dares to buy things on Amazon in the future.
In short, I recommend not buying anything from this seller, because what you buy is also garbage.
Amazon delivery problem
After receiving the goods, we found:
1. The packaging of the table is seriously damaged.
2, the table manual has serious use wrinkles.
3. The clock does not work, the table lamp does not charge, and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and only pay for the postage to the United States, and then reimburse the postage.
5, the reason for 2 points is that the customer service is not bad.
I can only say it's still okay
The time is not very accurate, it is about one second faster every day, and it has already been more than two minutes faster after only a few months.
I used to have a Seiko watch, and I don't think it was off by a few seconds even after a year or two.
The perpetual calendar function is not bad, but the timing function is a bit useless, and I rarely use it. Sometimes I accidentally touch it and enter the timing mode.
Solar-powered sports watch
Advantages: solar charging does not need to worry about replacing the battery, has world time, multiple alarms and reminders at the top of the hour.
Disadvantages: The mirror is easy to scratch and get dusty.
Cost-effectiveness: the general price in China is between 220-300, and it can be purchased overseas for around 180 (takes about 1 week).
Very satisfied with the watch
It is definitely genuine. I checked the goods at the specialty store. The watch looks very beautiful, the workmanship is exquisite, the materials are sufficient, and it is also an imported mechanical movement. Therefore, it has a certain weight. It is not comparable to those so-called mechanical watches that cost three or four hundred. This one is genuine.
The watch is very accurate, the error is completely within the acceptable range, there is a jewelry appraisal certificate in the watch's packaging, the 12 letters on the watch face are real diamonds, it is very suitable to wear it yourself, and it is also very suitable as a gift.
The Patek Philippe watch is indeed not bad.
The worst shopping experience ever
On the night of September 23rd, my wife's phone fell and I immediately ordered an 8p from Amazon. There was stock, but it was not self-operated and there was no surcharge (I was secretly happy), but because it was not self-operated, the delivery was slow, and the system showed that the estimated delivery date was September 27th.
My wife was suffering because she didn't have a phone, so she called me at 6 a.m. the next day to think about a solution. Later, I went to JD.com and found that there was stock of 256G, which could be delivered on the same day. So, I immediately ordered another one.
I just bought a new one and I want to cancel my Amazon order right away.
Because the order was placed at midnight, it was impossible to receive the package in the early morning. I called the customer service at 7:00 to cancel the order, and the customer service replied that it had been canceled and to wait for a text message.
Okay, I'll wait patiently, and when I check my phone at noon, the order is still in the status of not shipped, so I immediately contact the customer service to ask them to cancel the order as soon as possible, and the customer service replied that the operation is OK.
At 3 p.m., I checked my phone and found that the order was still there. I had no choice but to contact customer service again to confirm that I had called for the third time. Please cancel the order and notify the seller not to ship the goods!
The customer service contacted the seller on the spot at my request, and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system, and that they would wait until they were familiar with the system before canceling the order.
But the seller has been informed and will definitely not ship the item, so please rest assured.
When I checked the order on Monday, it had already been shipped. I was speechless.
Since I couldn't directly contact the seller, I had to call customer service again.
The handling after that was simply incomprehensible, basically I would say one step and the customer service would continue to operate.
The order is still in the status of refusal to accept delivery, and we are preparing to deliver it again!
Will Amazon not take the initiative to follow up?
The seller company has already received the money, and it doesn't matter if they don't follow up.
In the future, I will definitely not pay in advance for large items, this is too troublesome.
It looks very nice
I have been interested in this camera for a long time, but I didn't buy it because of some other reasons besides the price. This time, I bought it because it was free shipping and the price was still acceptable.
After buying it, there were no other problems, but when connecting the software, it just couldn't connect. My home is a TP router, and after searching online, I found that many people had this problem. I spent more than two hours trying to change the router settings, and finally, I used 360 WIFI as a medium to fix it. During this process, I called Xiaomi customer service, and they didn't have any solutions to this problem. They directly told me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another point worth noting is that I saw user comments online saying that the minimum storage card supported by this camera is 8G, and it cannot recognize storage cards with smaller capacity, so I hope everyone pays attention to this.
It feels okay to use, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor, the machine gets hot to a certain degree, and if it is always on, the heat feels a bit unbearable.
As mentioned above, this product has many shortcomings, so please be careful when buying it.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it with my first love, and we dated for almost 3 years, but it left me last year, and it still does.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it with my first love, and now I don't know how much I've used it, maybe I should just throw it away!
We have been in contact for almost three years, and she left me last year. Whenever I think about her, I feel a deep pain and want to leave this world. She was the first woman in my life, and she has left me with a shadow and pain that I have not been able to get over.
When I bought this phone, I thought about two things at the time, that we could share the hardships together, but now I regret it, maybe life is like this, some people don't want to meet in their lifetime, some things they don't want to know in their lifetime, but what can we do?
How many times have I seen this Samsung phone and thought of her, the pain that comes with it fills my whole body, I have never been able to afford a phone that costs more than 2,000 yuan, but when I bought it for her, I didn't hesitate at all, no matter how good a person is, but one day, when she changed her mind, all the promises and vows were gone.
Fine products from domestic brands
Huawei is a gem among Chinese products.
The low-key boss and the company rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business trend of relying on advertising to increase brand awareness!
Companies without strength cannot do this, and they dare not do it!
It is precisely because of this that I chose Huawei.
I've been using it for more than half a year, and it feels very good, very good.
The reason I didn't give it full marks is because there was one time when I was using it for offline navigation and it didn't locate me, and I couldn't figure out why, but it worked fine at other times.
Moreover, it can input the destination online, search and automatically design the route, and its offline navigation function is very useful after leaving the wifi, it can directly communicate with the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation, which is great!
Sony's law is good
Sony's low-end machine still has a lot of design sense, and it is cheap, the screen is big enough, the battery life is great, and it is very suitable for the elderly to use.
Although it has been a long time, this machine is still in good condition.
However, because my Z2 has been downgraded, this phone has also completed its mission.
