This document conforms to the requirements of the “GB/T 1.1-202” standardization work guidelines, specifically the “Departmental Part: Rules for the Structure and Drafting of Standardization Documents”.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology “Chinese Coded Character Set” and, compared to GB 18030-2005, the main changes are as follows:
The scope of application of this document has been expanded (see Chapter 1),
In the bi-byte encoding area, the positions of the GB/I 13000 code corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 component characters have been changed, and these include 6 component characters with repeated codes and 9 characters with repeated codes (see Appendix D of the 2005 version of Appendix A).
In the four-digit code area, 18 GB/T 13000 code positions have been changed (see Appendix D, 2005 edition);
The appendix “Additional Chinese Characters and their radicals/components” in the 2005 edition has been deleted.
Increase the level of achievement" (see draft 9);
An informative appendix titled “General Standardized Character Table; Code Positions for Disputed Characters” has been added. See appendix D for details.
Please note that some content in this document may involve patents, and the publisher of this document is not responsible for identifying patents.
This document was proposed by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People’s Republic of China and is under its jurisdiction.
The following is the release history of this document and its predecessor documents:
It was first published as GB 18030-2000 in 2000, and was revised for the first time in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 一 2022
Information Aggregation” Chinese Encoded Character Set
1 This document specifies the Chinese graphic characters and binary codes for information technology.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input, and output of graphic characters and other textual information in Chinese.
This document applies to technical products that have the function of processing and exchanging information in Chinese and other graphic characters, including but not limited to software products such as input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text conversion, and word processing software, as well as consumer products such as computers, communication terminal devices, e-book readers, and learning machines.
2. Normative citations
The following documents form an integral part of this document by means of normative references contained therein.
Among them, when a reference document is marked with a date, only the version corresponding to that date applies to this document; when a reference document is not marked with a date, the most recent factory version (including all amendments) applies to this document.
GB/T 2312-1980, “Character set for Chinese code for information interchange (basic set)”
GB/I 11383-1989 Information processing — Eight-bit code structure and coding rules for information exchange
GB/T 13000 Information technology—Universal Multiple-octet Coded Character Set (UCS)
3 Terminology and definitions
The following definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character
An element in a set of elements that is used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Show the character (3.1) and its encoding.
3.3 Private use area by the user
Users who use products that conform to this document may define their own regions.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by a code point (3.2) set.
3.5 Protected zone (reserved zone)
Leave as the area specified in this document in the future.
GB 18030 一 2022
4 words summary
4.1 Overview
The characters in this document are encoded in single-byte, double-byte, or quadruple-byte format.
The single-byte portion includes all 128 characters from GB/T 11383-1989 (0x00 to 0x7F).
4.3 Two-byte portion
The double-byte portion includes all graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, CJK unified characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
The characters in the double-byte portion conform to Appendix A.
Among them, the graphic description symbols, code positions, and functions should conform to the provisions in Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in countries and regions such as China, Japan, and Vietnam.
Chinese characters with unique abstract shapes are assigned separate code positions; characters with the same abstract shapes but different origins are assigned shared code positions.
The encoded characters are called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 The four-character part
The four-byte portion includes 66 CJK Unified Ideographs from GB/T 13000 (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding the 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB), CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion A, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion BCJK, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion C, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion DCJK, and characters from CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion F and ethnic minority scripts that have already been encoded in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the four-octet part are specified according to Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the main text, numbers preceded by 0x represent hexadecimal values, while those without 0x represent decimal values.
All codes in the appendix are represented in hexadecimal format, while other numbers are represented in decimal format.
The single-byte portion uses the coding structure specified in GB/T 11383-1989, using code points from 0x00 to 0x7F.
The bi-character Gong部 uses two strings of eight binary digits to represent a character, where the first byte code ranges from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the second byte code ranges from 0x40 to 0x7E, and from 0x80 to 0xFE.
The four-byte portion uses GB/T 11383-1989, with the suffixes 0x30 and 0x39, which are not used in the two-byte encoding, to expand the encoding range from 0x81308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The first character of a 4-byte string is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; the second character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39; the third character is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; and the fourth character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39. That is, 0x81308130 to 0x81308139; 0x81308230 to 0x81308239; 0x8130FEFE30 to 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 to 0x81318139; “0URo23061393”; 0xFE39FE30 to 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code position range can be found in Figures 1 and 1.
The sequence of characters with 6 characters each.
6.1 Alphabetical order of characters in the single-character brush feature
The single-character record section is arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 Arrangement of characters in bi-glyph units
The characters in the lower part of the double character shall be arranged in accordance with Appendix A.
6.3 Arrangement of characters in the four-character-long string section
The range from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39 contains 50400 code points, corresponding to all characters in all basic multilingual plane of GB/T 13000 that are not included in the bi-character plane, arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in the basic multilingual plane of GB/T 13000.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1,058,400 code points are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, and the characters are arranged in sequence according to the corresponding code points of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The order of the four-character elements should conform to Appendix C.
7-digit position allocation
1. Code allocation for single-character city names.
The code positions for the single-byte portion are assigned according to the rules specified in GB/T 11383-1989.
The allocation of single byte code points is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code position allocation for the double-digit portion of the code
The byte pairing arrangement for the two-byte portion is divided into two sections: 0x8140 to 0xFE7E and 0x8180 to 0xFEFE, with a total of 23,940 code points.
The allocation of the two byte codes can be found in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total number of characters: 23940
Double byte 1st octet: 846 bits.
SS WA and RS Binning Day 3, sector 6080, code position
First byte 0xA8~0xA9, second byte 5 sectors: 192 code points
3. Structure diagram of the code space for the two-character vegetable category.
Table 2: Code position arrangement for the bi-gram portion.
Range of human code positions.
Code position allocation for the four-character brush section
The four-character part includes Chinese characters and some minority scripts.
The allocation of the four-byte human code is shown in Table 3.
The allocation of the four-byte human-readable code elements not specified in Table 3 is described in 6.3.
Table 3: Code position arrangement for the 4-character hearing section
Bit position range
Table 3: Code position arrangement for the four-bit portion (continued)
Bit position range, number of digits in the bit position
The range from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 consists of 25200 code points for user-defined areas.
The other four bytes of code are reserved and will be used for future file extensions.
Part 8: Explanation of characters and codes
Compared with GB 18030-2005, the shapes of some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General principles
This document defines three levels of implementation.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input/output functions for all characters within the scope of the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Achieving Level 1
Implement level 1 CJK Unified Ideographs with single-byte coding (i.e., 0x82358F33 to 0x82359636) and double-season coding, as well as CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion A (i.e., 0x8139EE39 to 0x82358738).
Any product covered by this document should meet the requirements for level 1 conformance.
Note: according to the requirements of software applications, level 1 can also support any one or more of the non-Chinese character types listed in Table 3.
9.3 Achieve Level 2
Level 2 includes Level 1.
In addition, it supports level 2 Hanyi characters that are not included in the General Standard Comprehensive Table of Chinese Characters.
The positions of the characters in the General Standardization of Chinese Characters and their respective characters codes and shapes are shown in the appendix.
System software and supporting software should meet the requirements of Level 2.
Note: system software and application software include, but are not limited to, operating systems and database management systems. For more information on the classification of software products, see GB/T 36475.
9.4 Achieve Level 3
Level 3 includes Level 2.
In addition, it can also display all the characters specified in this document and the kanji radicals in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of level 3.
Note: The industries of public service and common service include, but are not limited to, railway transportation, road transportation and water transportation, air transportation, multimodal transportation and transportation agency businesses, postal services, financial services, insurance services, land management services, health services, government agencies, social security services, etc. (for information on industry classification, see GB/T 4754).
Appendix A (normative)
Two-character dictionary.
A.1 Content of the table
This table provides the shape and code of characters with double-byte encoding, as well as the position of the corresponding code in GB/T 13000.
A.2 Description of the table
Here is an example:
First byte, second byte are low.
2-byte 3 sector
Second byte is high GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (prescriptive)
Symbolic description labels.
This appendix lists 13 symbolic character descriptions specified by GB/TI 13000, along with their graphic codes and functional descriptions.
For specific details, see Table B.1.
Table B.1: Graphical representation, code position, and function description of alphabetic characters
The bit positions of this document are similar to and not equal to the bit positions described in GB/T 13000, and are used to represent characters that are not in the table of characters.
Left and right structure.
Hierarchical structure.
Left-center-right structure.
Upper-middle-lower structure.
Whole enclosure structure.
Return to the encirclement structure.
Back to the encirclement structure.
Right encirclement structure.
Right lower encasement structure
Left lower encasement structure.
Right upper encirclement structure.
Rental package structure
Appendix C (normative)
Four-character book character table
C.1 Content of the table
This table provides the shapes and codes of Chinese characters and some minority scripts, as well as the corresponding GB/TI 13000 codes for those characters, but only gives brief descriptions of the shapes of other characters.
Explanation of Table C.2
Appendix D (informational)
Explanation of some characters and codes.
D.1 Adjusted 18 positions of the code in GB/T 13000.
B 18030 1 2005 specifies the provisional code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese characters components in GB/I 13000, and these code positions have been adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Correspondence between adjusted codes (continued)
This document and its counterpart in GB 18030-2005 (GB/T 13000) are equivalent.
D.2 6 Han characters components deleted from the Biqing area
Table D.2: Code position and reserved characters
D.3 9 CJK compliant characters deleted from the bottom right glyph range.
This document deletes the 9 CJK ideographic characters included in GB/TI 13000 recorded in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3: Deleted 9 CJK Compatibility Characters and their code positions.
Appendix A (informational) - Code positions for Chinese characters in the General Standardization of Chinese Characters table
This document includes all 8105 standardized Chinese characters from the 4th General Standardization of Chinese Characters published by the State Council of the People’s Republic of China in 2013. Their code positions and character shapes are shown in Table 1.
The order of Chinese characters in the table matches the order of standard characters in the 4th General Standard Chinese Character Table; characters with serial numbers 1 to 3500 are classified as level-one characters, characters with serial numbers 3501 to 6500 are classified as level-two characters, and characters with serial numbers 6501 to 8105 are classified as level-three characters.
Table E.1: Character shapes and code positions in the General Standard Character Set
GB/ 工 4754 National Economy Industry Classification
GB/36475 Software Product Classification
General Standard Character Set. State Council of the People’s Republic of China (National Development and Reform Commission Notice [2013]23).
The content of this page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler and is intended only to explain the meaning of options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain it, the EURo file is the authoritative document. The Info file is... well, the Info file.
If you find any discrepancies between the pages of the manual and the software, please check the Info.
If we find that the content of this manual page causes significant confusion and complaints because it is outdated, we will stop publishing it. There is no other option, such as updating the Info file while updating the man page, because we don’t have the time to do that while working on other tasks related to maintaining Gnu cc. The GNU project believes that the man page is an outdated product and that our time should be spent elsewhere.
For complete and up-to-date documentation, refer to the Info files `gee' or Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0). Both are derived from the original Texinfo file gee. texinfo.
The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They both require one or more of the four steps: preprocessing, Hii (compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking) to process input files.
The suffix identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix controls the default settings:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C file and sets up a connection in C format,
g++ considers the preprocessed files (.i) as C++ files and sets up the connection in C++ format.
The suffix in the source file indicates the type of language and the post-processing operations:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly.
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly.
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly.
. CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly.
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i: preprocessed C file; compile, assemble
.ii Preprocessed C++ files; compilation and assembly.
.s is a compiled language source program; Compilation.
Compiling language source programs; preprocessing and compilation.
.h preprocessor file; it is not usually passed to the linker with other subsequent files. It usually includes:
.0 Object file
.a Archive file
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the process from completing), linking is always the final step.
During linking, all the files with the extensions .e, -1, and unrecognizable file names (including specified .o and .a library files) are passed to the linker options in the order they appear in the command line.
Options must be given on the command line, like so: "de" and not "de -d -r".
Most of the `=-E: and `-W' options have two opposite formats: `-fname' and `-fno-name' (or `-Wname' and `-Wno-name').
Only the formats that are not default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all options, grouped by type, with explanations in the following sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Specify that the language of the file you are about to enter is language (rather than the default selection derived from the file name).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next optional `-x' option .language.
Close any explicit language indication, and therefore rely on the file name after the file extension (e.g., the `-x' option).
If you only want to operate on a part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, linking), you can use the `-x' option (or the Ah file name) to tell GCC where to start, and use the `-s', `-c', or `-E' options to tell GCC where to end. Note that some combinations of options (for example, `-x cpp-output -E') instruct GCC to compile or assemble the source file. If ETER.ERA ATI is not specified, GCC will use `.o' to replace the source file name with `.ec' as the target file name. You can use the `-o' option to choose a different name. GCC ignores any unrecognizable input after the `-ec' option.
The target file has been deleted.
After compilation, the process stops and no assembly file is generated.
Use pipes instead of temporary files at different stages of the compilation process, because the assemblers of those systems cannot read data from pipes; GNU's assembler does not have this problem, and the "dialect" of C that the assembler accepts: it supports C programs that conform to the ANSI standard.
This will close off certain features in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as features such as the ANSI trigraph features that are rarely used, such as unix and vax. This also disables the use of the standard libraries when the main function returns an int value, which is typical for almost all programs except for the kernel. In a freestanding environment, where there are no standard libraries, the program’s entry point is not necessarily main. The most obvious example of this is the operating system kernel. For more information, refer to the latest materials on the gcc website.
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', the C style is used - that is, no number or type of parameters is specified. (This applies only to C++.)
Normally, a function named foo with no parameters in C++ means that the function takes no parameters.
The节清单 extends here to try to cover some aspects of supporting traditional C compilers.
For more information, please refer to the NU c manual, where we have removed the details so that people won't HERI when the content becomes outdated.
There is one thing to note: for c++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing this to be assigned.
He is the same as the option `-Ethis-is-variable`.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional C preprocessor.
In particular, the above mentioned content regarding the preprocessor does not include other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of '$' characters in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the “-Eno-dollars-in-identifiers” option to indicate that the use of '$' symbols is prohibited.
(GNU C++ allows the dollar sign ($) by default on some target systems, but not on all.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversions from ant types to enumeration types (MEF C++).
Normally, GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int, but not the other way around.
-fexternal-—templates produces smaller code for template declarations (C++ only), by generating a copy of each template function only where it is defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark `#pragma implementation` (define) or `#pragma interface` (declare) in all files that use the template.
When compiling with the `-fexternal-templates' option, all template instantiations are of external types. You must make sure that the necessary instantiations appear in the implementation files.
This can be achieved through the use of typedef, which references each instance as needed.
Correspondingly, if the default option `-fno-extern-templates` is used during compilation, all template instances are explicitly set as built-in.
All member functions (except constructors, destructors, and the member operators mnew and delete) are considered virtual functions of their class.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal vtable.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch allows the types of the second and third parameters of the condition expression to be different.
The value of this kind of expression is Void.-fthis-—is-variable, which allows you to assign a value to this (C++ only).
Merging the user-defined free storage management mechanism into C++ makes the assignable `this` out of place.
Therefore, by default, assigning this inside a class member function is an invalid operation.
However, for the sake of backward compatibility, you can make this operation work by using the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char: this defines char as an unsigned type, similar to unsigned char.
Different machines have their own default char type, which may be unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, when symbolic operations depend on data, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned char.
However, many programs are written to use only simple chars, and this is the case with signed numbers (or unsigned numbers, depending on the target machine where the program is being run).
This option, and its inverse, make such programs work with the corresponding default value.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If no `signed' or `unsigned' modifier is explicitly declared, these options are used to define a signed or unsigned bit field, respectively.
By default, the positional types are signed because the underlying integer types they inherit from, such as int, are signed; however, if the `-traditional' option is specified, the positional types are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in writable data segments and does not perform any special handling.
This is to maintain compatibility with some old programs; they consider changing the string constant to be a very bad idea, and the `-traditional’ option achieves the same effect.
Executive summary:
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
Its impact may be similar to that of the economic crisis in 2008.
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, this disease has overwhelmed medical services and brought them to the brink of collapse. The restrictions implemented by governments have caused serious disruptions in the global economy.
The impact of the epidemic on the drug market is unclear and difficult to predict, but it could be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers may be forced to find new routes and methods due to travel restrictions, as they are unable to cross borders.
The patterns of drug use and supply may change, and the government's ability to respond may be hindered.
The changes brought about by COVID-19 are unprecedented, but we can still learn from past crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances and shifted to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut budgets related to drugs.
If governments respond to the current economic recession in the same way, interventions to prevent drug use and related risky behaviors, as well as detoxification and rehabilitation services, may be severely impacted.
In addition, the priority given to interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Some countries have a large number of drugs smuggled in through commercial flights, and these countries are expected to be most directly affected by drug trafficking activities.
Methamphetamine and other synthetic drugs are sometimes carried by couriers in personal bags or hidden in private luggage, in large quantities. With restrictions on air travel in place almost everywhere, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs may be completely disrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, activities involving the use of the dark web and parcel post for trafficking may increase.
In the long run, the economic recession and related lockdown measures could disrupt the drug market.
Due to the rising unemployment rate and lack of opportunities, impoverished and vulnerable people are more likely to use drugs in a harmful way, develop drug addiction, and turn to illicit activities related to drug production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable people and recruit new members to expand their ranks.
As government capacity to respond diminishes, these changes are likely to take root quickly, becoming the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth model partially explains the reason for market expansion.
Drug use has been on the rise around the world, both in terms of overall numbers and the proportion of the world's population that uses drugs.
In 2009, it was estimated that there were 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged between 15 and 64. In 2018, it was estimated that there were 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3% of this population.
Over the past two decades, the growth of drug use in developing countries has far outpaced that of developed countries.
This reflects, to a certain extent, the differences in overall population growth during this period, with developed countries growing by 7% and developing countries by 28%, but also reflects the faster growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population in this age group in developing countries grew by 16%, while it decreased by 10% in developed countries.
Urbanization is a driving factor in the current and future drug markets.
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more prevalent in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to the large-scale migration of people from rural areas to cities. Currently, more than half of the world's population lives in urban areas, compared to 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, particularly in developing countries where urbanization is more pronounced.
The increase in wealth is associated with an increase in drug use, but the burden of disease is greatest among the poorest people worldwide, and drug use is more common in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are even more firmly associated with the world's wealthier regions.
Similarly, within each country, the drug addiction rate is higher among the wealthy segments of society.
However, the rate of conversion to drug addiction is higher among people with lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a few countries suggests that there is a link between harmful drug use patterns and disease incidence among those with low incomes.
These patterns seem less common among wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks faced by the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as an increase in unemployment rates, have traditionally been associated with an increase in drug use. However, this pandemic has already led to the unemployment of millions of people around the world.
The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to further expansion of the drug market. The pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in the cultivation of illicit crops, either because the state authorities’ control has weakened or because more people may be forced to engage in illicit activities due to the economic crisis.
The related restrictions on air and land transportation due to the COVID-19 pandemic may have led to an increase in maritime trafficking, as it is less risky and involves larger quantities than air or land smuggling.
Recently, there have been reports that cocaine is being transported directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Complexity increased.
The availability of non-internationally controlled substances remains stable, but the emergence of new types of opioids with potential risks is increasing the complexity of the drug market.
In addition to plant-based substances such as marijuana, cocaine, and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not subject to international control. The non-medical use of drugs has also increased rapidly.
There are approximately 500 new types of active substances on the domestic market of member countries each year.
Currently, the majority of these substances are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid agonists and a small amount of opioids.
Although the total number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, their proportions have changed.
Among the total number of new psychoactive substances identified in 2014, only 2% were new types of opioids, but by 2018, this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances in the opioid family are similar to fentanyl, and their effects and dangers have been proven, leading to overdose deaths in North America and to a lesser extent in other regions.
In North America, fentanyl is used as a cutting agent for heroin and other drugs (including cocaine and methamphetamine), as well as for the production of counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
There is evidence that injection of new psychoactive substances is also a problem in Europe: a study of waste from syringes in six European cities found that many contained new psychoactive substances that produce a high.
The use of new psychoactive substances may gradually become entrenched among vulnerable groups.
New psychoactive substances of a single type have almost never formed a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
22 countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with synthetic cannabinoids identified as the main challenge in most of these countries.
Controls on precursor chemicals have forced drug makers to innovate: many chemicals that were once used as precursors to manufacture drugs like methamphetamine, amphetamine, and "ecstasy" have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and manufacturers have been searching for alternatives, not only for substances with less regulation, but also for chemicals specifically designed to evade regulation, known as "tailor-made precursors."
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to put further pressure on drug manufacturers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico shows this has become a reality: in March 2020, a shortage of methylphenidate precursors imported from East Asia reportedly led to a rise in the price of methylphenidate in Mexico and the United States.
The market is constantly changing.
Synthetic drugs have replaced opioids in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opioid market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appeared to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The quantity of opiates intercepted by authorities in the Russian Federation has decreased by approximately 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for opiate use has decreased significantly.
However, the market for performance-enhancing drugs seems to be growing.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including ephedrine and a-pyrrolidinopentiophenone, are now readily available on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities reported that the number of secret laboratories for the production of various illicit drugs that have been discovered recently has risen sharply, more than doubling in two years, reaching 152 in 2018.
Methamphetamine markets grow in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of people in hospitals, prisons, and other institutions had revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal methamphetamine has become another major drug of concern, in addition to "fenethylline" and quomodone.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug users stating that marijuana was harder to obtain than "fenethylline" or methamphetamine.
Recently, Iraqi authorities have discovered multiple methamphetamine processing sites, and the INCB has expressed concern about the large-scale importation of pseudoephedrine drugs, which are used as precursors in the processing of methamphetamine.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacturing appears to have started in 2014.
Since then, seizures of methamphetamine have been steadily increasing.
However, the seizure volume in the first half of 2019 was 657 kg — a significant increase compared to the previous year.
Large quantities of methamphetamine believed to originate from Afghanistan have been seized in other countries, indicating that production in that country is rapidly increasing.
Policy changes and trends of change
The majority of jurisdictions that have legalized the non-medical use of marijuana have seen an increase in its use.
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay, and the United States allow the production of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since it was legalized, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical cannabis use.
In Colorado and Washington, the two states in the United States that first passed legislation on the issue, the number of adults using marijuana without medical purposes has increased, particularly in the past month and among those who use it daily or almost daily, exceeding the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that marijuana use has increased in Uruguay since 2011, with usage almost doubling last month.
This indicates that the main reason for the increase is the regular and frequent use of cannabis.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, usage rates were also increasing.
However, in 2019, 40% of marijuana users still obtained some products from illegal sources.
Is the sharp drop in global cannabis herb seizures due to the legalization of cannabis?
In 2018, global seizures of cannabis herb fell to their lowest level in 20 years, due to a decrease in seizures in North America, which fell by 84% over the past 10 years.
In comparison, seizures in other parts of the world during the same period almost doubled. The patterns of seizures indicate that policies aimed at liberalizing the marijuana market played a key role in this trend.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances seems to have a deterrent effect, but it is still difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of regulation of new psychoactive substances in China.
Some countries that have different regulatory systems for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of use of these substances.
In other countries, following the adoption of domestic legislation, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased.
Weak populations face the harm of both legal and illegal drug markets, and medicinal opioids used for pain management and palliative care are mainly available in high-income countries. The distribution of pain medication is uneven across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all pharmaceutical opioids available for medical use were consumed in high-income countries.
Approximately 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
These countries account for approximately 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that the population of low- and middle-income countries accounts for 88% of the global population, but consumes less than 10% of pharmaceutical opioids.
Obstacles to obtaining prescription opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems, and prescription practices.
People from poorer backgrounds are more at risk of drug addiction, with around 35.6 million people suffering from the disease in 2018.
Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug addiction and exacerbate its consequences. Studies in high-income countries have confirmed this, showing that individuals with unfavorable socioeconomic trajectories are not only at higher risk of drug addiction at a given point in time, but also have more severe consequences.
Drug addiction also deepens socioeconomic disadvantage, increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty, and homelessness, thereby fueling a vicious cycle. These outcomes may also be related to degrading attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, sexual and gender diverse groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and those living in rural areas may also be disproportionately affected by drug addiction or face challenges in accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy years of life lost due to disability and premature death, harmful drug use has had a wider impact on society over the past 10 years.
From 2007 to 2018, the global disability-adjusted life years attributable to drug use increased by 17%.
The increase in the number of years of life with a disability associated with hepatocellular carcinoma caused by untreated hepatitis C among injecting drug users is particularly high - up to 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex, and it is difficult to determine a causal link between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggests that intoxication may be a significant factor in homicides.
But in violent incidents, alcohol seems to play a bigger role than drugs.
While drug use may lead to criminal behavior, in some cases this connection can be attributed in part to a variety of intervening factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage, and other types of adversity resulting from individual risk factors, family environment, and peer influences.
The connection between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure in place, large-scale organized criminal activities such as international drug trafficking may be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the existence and intensity of violence is more dependent on certain changes that disrupt the balance of power between organized crime groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group and strengthen another.
The latest trends.
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most dangerous.
It is estimated that 192 million people used marijuana in 2018, making it the most widely used drug in the world.
By comparison, there were 58 million people using opioids in 2018.
However, the related risks of opioids are ignored due to their lower rates of use.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug use in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances, and 50% of the estimated 21 million years of life lost due to disability or premature deaths caused by drug use were attributed to these substances.
The non-medical use of synthetic opioids has exacerbated the public health crisis.
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, the crisis is aggravated by methaqualone; in North America, it is by fentanyl. These two regions have almost nothing in common in terms of economy, demographics, or general drug use patterns, but they are both struggling to combat the crisis fueled by the availability and low production costs of these substances.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to a 20-year increase in opioid overdose deaths.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada has also reported similar results, although with lower numbers.
One of the reasons fentanyl causes overdose deaths is the unpredictable potency of fentanyl in the illicit drug market.
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, the market for non-medical use of khat has grown significantly.
In the region, more and more patients with the disease are seeking treatment with kumara.
In 2017, the global seizure of fentanyl increased significantly, reaching a peak of over 125 tons.
However, in 2018, after India passed a new law regulating the production of ketamine, global seizures dropped to 32 tons.
The crises in these two locations were caused by the production of simple and low-cost products, as well as the lack of international regulation of ketamine and many other types of fentanyl and their precursors.
The fact that these substances are available on both the pharmaceutical and the illicit markets has exacerbated the crisis in both locations, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
Use of stimulants on the rise
The field of drugs of abuse is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are on the rise in their main markets.
In 2018, there were approximately 19 million people who used cocaine, as cocaine is particularly popular in North America and Western Europe.
Approximately 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most commonly used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, methamphetamine use has been expanding in both regions over the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist and sometimes even substitute each other, with the use of one drug increasing as the use of the other decreases, sometimes both increasing and decreasing to meet the demands of the same market.
COVID-19 increases the risk for injecting drug users
It is estimated that there were about 11.3 million people who injected drugs in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million intravenous drug users are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million have contracted hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died due to drug use, half of whom died from liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and most of the injecting drug users with hepatitis C have not received treatment.
The shortage of opioids caused by the measures taken to control the COVID-19 pandemic may lead users to turn to more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injecting or injecting more frequently, more harmful use patterns may emerge.
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Instructions for use.
Product Introduction:
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it in a safe place.
The headphones themselves come with a medium-sized earplug, which you can remove if you find it uncomfortable. The bottom line is that the machine is quite small.
01 Putting on headphones.
Gently push the earbuds into your ears at an angle, making sure the headphones don't move around on your head.
When making a call, the microphone of the headset should be positioned near your mouth for clearer communication.
When switching to speaker mode, please remember to adjust the microphone protruding from the earphone.
Before using the product with charging, please tear off the protective film from the charging port of each earphone and fully charge the charging box and earphones.
You can insert the charging cable to charge both the earphones and the charging case at the same time.
The charging indicator light remains on when the charging box is not fully charged, and turns off when the box is fully charged.
While charging the earphones, the indicator light on the earphones will remain on and the earphones will be fully charged after the indicator light has been on for one minute.
02 Charging and Bootup Process
The earphones are stored inside the charging case, and they automatically turn on when taken out of the case.
If the headphones are not inside the charging case and have been turned off, press and hold the multifunction key for about 1 second (the white light will turn on for 1 second).
Hold for approximately 1 second.
White light is on for 1 second.
Shutdown.
Place it in the charging case, and the earphones will automatically turn off.
In the powered-on state, press and hold the multi-function key for about 5 seconds (red light will be on for 2 seconds).
Hold down the button for approximately 5 seconds.
Person traffic light is on green, lane 2 is open.
03 Start using it.
Automatic connection: the station connects the two earphones to the charging box when they are taken out.
The two motorcycles started automatically, and their headlights turned on.
The red and white lights then came back on. The left and right pouches appeared to be connected in series.
Wait for the left/right earbud LEDs to flash. Open the device settings and search for “RedmIArDots2”, then click “Allow”.
After the initial connection, ChaoZi can automatically reconnect to the previously paired device (Bluetooth must be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the earbuds back in the charging case and repeat the above steps.
Long press for approximately 1 second to turn on the device.
Headset indicator light
Freely switch between one ear and two ears; when both earphones are connected successfully, they are in dual-connect mode; when you put either earphone back into the charging case and turn it off, the other earphone enters single-ear mode, and it will automatically revert to dual-ear mode when you take it out again.
Manual connection: Turn on the earphones manually. The white light will turn on, followed by the rapid flashing of both lights. The left and right earphones will be automatically connected. Wait for the white light on both earphones to flash slowly, and then turn on the device and search for the Bluetooth connection.
Resetting the headphones
If the headphones cannot be used normally after connection, please reset them according to the following method:
For the earphones: take the earphone charging case out, press and hold the multi-function button of both earphones for 15 seconds while the device is turned off, release the buttons and put the earphones back in the charging case (this will clear the pairing record between the earphones and the device). The red and white lights will flash three times.
The product accessories, user interface, and other illustrations in the manual are for reference only; due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the illustrations, so please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Fengxiang Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi ecosystem enterprises)
Address: No. 60, Pulu Street, Tongli District, Chongqing
The phone number is 400-100-5678.
For more information about Benyang Operation, please visit the sales website: www.micom.com
The following lyrics are for the song “V10reae”:
Key features:
The following functions can be operated on either earphone. When you receive a call, you can answer it by pressing the button lightly; when you are on a call or playing music, you can play/pause the audio by pressing the button briefly; to end the call, press and hold the button for about 1 second.
When a call comes in, reject the call and switch to the headset/mobile phone by double-clicking.
Turn on/off silent mode during a call.
When idle, activate voice assistant (requires device support for voice functions and the quick wake-up setting is enabled)
Answer the second call and switch between calls
When you are on a phone call, clicking the multifunction key once will maintain your current call and answer the second incoming call; clicking the multifunction key twice will switch between the two calls.
Basic parameters:
Product name: Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Product Type: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the headphones:
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earbud)
Input parameters: 5V, 2 x 100mA
Weight of one ear: approximately 4.1g.
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (in an unobstructed environment)
Wireless connections: Bluetooth 5.0
Charging time: approximately 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Talk time: approximately 4 hours. CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: approximately 150 hours.
05 Precautions to take into account
Warning.
1 Do not disassemble, repair or modify the earphones for any reason, as this may cause the product to catch fire or become completely damaged;
2 Do not place the device in environments with excessively low or high temperatures;
3 When using the device's indicator light, please avoid shining it into the eyes of children or animals;
4. Do not use this device during thunderstorms, as thunderstorms may cause the device to malfunction and increase the risk of electric shock.
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to clean this product;
6 Do not allow the product to come into contact with liquids.
Notice:
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 It is necessary to choose a reputable manufacturer and a charger that has passed the CCC certification by the state.
3 Long-term continuous use of headphones may cause hearing loss, so please control the usage time and volume reasonably;
4 Using headphones will reduce your ability to hear external sounds, so please do not use them in environments where safety may be at risk.
Basic parameters of the charging box:
Product dimensions: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5, 500mA.
Output parameters: 5V at 150mA
Charging time: approximately 2 hours.
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Product Warranty Notice for Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
The after-sales service for Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones is strict.
We provide after-sales service for three years in accordance with the “Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China” and the “Product Quality Law of the People’s Republic of China”, and the service content is as follows:
1. Warranty policy
Within 7 days from the day after you receive the product, if the product exhibits any performance issues listed in the “Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Defect Table” and is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center to be a defect, you can enjoy free return or exchange services;
2. Within 8-15 days after you receive the product, if the product exhibits performance issues listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 ee E fault table”, and the issues are confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, then you can
Within 12 months from the day after you receive the product, if the product experiences any performance issues listed in the “Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Fault Table”, and is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center to be a performance fault, you can enjoy free repair services.
Product performance and fault table for Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Name Performance Failure
1. There is no sound during use.
The Bluetooth headset “2” had no sound during the call.
It was unable to be charged.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 Unauthorized repairs, misuse, collision, negligence, improper use, adding fluid, accidents, modifications, or incorrect use of non-genuine accessories or defacing, altering or removing security labels or anti-counterfeiting marks;
2. It has exceeded the validity period of three packages;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4. Not applicable to the situations listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Fault Table”
5. The product and its accessories may experience performance issues as listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Failure Table” due to reasons caused by human factors.
Name and content of hazardous substances in the product
The hazardous substances in this table are compiled based on the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates refugee policy; EU officials say the process of accepting refugees is fraught with obstacles - www.chinanews.com
The EU summit is embroiled in heated debates over refugee policies, and EU officials say that every step in the reception process is fraught with obstacles.
[Reporter on assignment to Belgium for the Global Times, Ni Ruifeng] According to a report by Agence France-Presse on February 10, at the latest EU summit held on that day, the President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, said that EU leaders agreed to adopt stricter policies on illegal immigration, making it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
This move by the EU is reportedly a response to growing concerns over illegal immigration in Europe, where the core issue now is that the number of illegal immigrants who can ultimately be repatriated is very small.
According to the documents from the summit, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize a significant amount of EU funds" to strengthen external borders with infrastructure and surveillance measures.
However, the EU and its member states have been embroiled in a dispute over issues such as the cost of the fence.
As Földes-Petersen has repeatedly stated, the EU will not pay the costs involved.
However, some diplomats from member countries claimed that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, observation towers, and other infrastructure along its external borders, it would free up national budgets for the countries, thereby speeding up the construction process.
According to the European Euractiv website, EU officials have acknowledged that every step in the process of accepting refugees is facing bottlenecks. The limited capacity for accepting refugees and the overburdened immigration authorities in member countries cannot stop refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications in various EU countries, and the EU's system for accepting refugees is in a state of near-permanent crisis.
According to estimates by the European Commission, the Schengen countries in the EU received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half compared to the previous year.
At the same time, the EU recorded more than 330,000 cases of illegal entry last year.
Against this backdrop, the summit also reached an agreement on a "principle" that EU countries can deport illegal immigrants back to their home countries based on court decisions made by another member country.
In addition, according to the report, EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of safe countries", which will pave the way for the EU to establish a common list.
(Source: The Global Times, Author: Ni Ruifeng)
The United States’ escalation of the “chips war” deals a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry - www.chinanews.com
Recently, the United States has been escalating its “chip war” with China – first, the Netherlands and Japan agreed to initiate controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China, under pressure from the United States; later, foreign media reported that the United States government is considering cutting off all ties between American suppliers and Huawei, prohibiting American suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to release an executive order to limit American investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries… As soon as the new year begins in 2023, the United States will continue to use various tactics to curb the development of China’s semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its efforts to suppress China's development in semiconductor technology. While it has taken precise actions to suppress the semiconductor supply chain in China, it has also constructed a "de-Chinafication" alliance in the semiconductor industry, aiming to "leave China far behind" in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to form a “technology alliance” with South Korea or a “semiconductor alliance” with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, or to establish a “semiconductor industrial chain clique” through mechanisms such as the “Quadrilateral Mechanism” between the US, Japan, India and Australia, or the “Indo-Pacific economic framework”, the US is attempting to build a closed industrial chain dominated by the US by introducing political, partisan and weaponized means into the semiconductor industry, in order to make up for its shortcomings in the field of semiconductor manufacturing and maintain its leading position in the global semiconductor industry.
However, the United States’ aggressive “chip warfare” against China is also a case of “hurting the enemy while harming oneself”.
Recently, the well-known chip manufacturing equipment supplier in the United States, Blanco Group, announced that due to the latest round of export bans on chip manufacturing equipment to China, the company will lay off 1,300 full-time employees and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
Dutch ASML, a global giant in lithography machines, recently warned that banning the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to a rise in semiconductor prices.
According to analysis by American media, after the U.S. government imposed harsh measures on the semiconductor and other industries in China, many American companies have suffered, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, manufacturers of wafer fabrication equipment, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry by the United States has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain has long been established.
According to estimates by industry professionals, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process for semiconductor products requires crossing national borders more than 70 times, and the entire process takes up to 100 days.
Although the semiconductor industry in the United States is relatively strong in terms of its foundation, it is weak in terms of manufacturing capabilities, particularly in advanced process technologies, and is heavily dependent on the East Asian region.
Even if the United States tries its best to steer the advanced chip supply chain towards regional development dominated by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor industry will be difficult to change.
The United States has taken strong measures to “rebuild” the semiconductor industry chain by “de-China-izing” it, causing severe damage to the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry cannot be achieved without the joint participation of countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, including the introduction of the "Innovation and Competition Act," the "American Competitiveness Act of 2022," and the "Chips and Science Act," to use its technological hegemony to consolidate its technological leadership; it has also used "carrots and sticks" to coerce chip manufacturing companies such as Intel, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, and Samsung to establish factories in the United States, in a bid to ensure that the United States maintains its global leadership in the field of chips.
In the short term, the United States has indeed created trouble for China's semiconductor industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.
In the long run, however, the excessive pressure exerted by the United States will force China's semiconductor industry to continue to make breakthroughs, causing the United States to lose a huge market in China. This will ultimately greatly weaken the innovative spirit and capabilities of American technology companies, and harm the development of the global semiconductor industry.
Gao Jo.
First batch of personal pension investment products launched, with holding periods as short as 360 days - www.chinanews.com
First batch of personal pension financial products launched
There are 7 products to choose from for home use, and the shortest holding period is 360 days.
Personal pension financial products have finally been launched.
On February 10, China Finance Network released the first list of personal pension investment products, and 7 personal pension investment products from Bank of China Financial Services, Agricultural Bank of China Financial Services, and China Postal Savings were officially launched.
Up until now, the “shelves” of personal pension accounts have finally been stocked with four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension investment management, personal pension insurance, and publicly-offered personal pension funds.
It was reported that the first batch of personal pension financial products are all publicly offered net asset value-based open-end products, including 5 newly issued products and 2 existing products. Except for one product that is a mixed type product, the other 6 products are all fixed income products.
The reporter from Beijing Youth Daily found that 4 out of the 5 new products were from Bank of Communications Wealth Management, and they were all fixed-income products with holding periods of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days respectively. The corresponding performance benchmarks (annualized rates) were 3.70%-4.20%, 4.10%-4.60%, 4.40%-4.90%, and 5.25%-5.75% respectively.
The other newly issued product is "Postal Savings Wealth Prosperity - Hongjing 1, with a holding period of 1095 days", which is also a fixed-income product. It started collecting funds on February 10 and ended on February 19. Its risk level is level 2.
Of the two existing products, one is Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management's "Agricultural Bank of China Harmony Innovation Dynamic" 360-day technology innovation RMB wealth management product, which is of a mixed nature and has a risk level of three.
Another surviving product is “Postal Savings Wealth Prosperity – Hongjin No. 1, with a minimum holding period of 365 days,” of the fixed income type. It started collecting funds on December 30 last year and officially started operating on January 4 this year. Its cumulative net value on February 8 was 1.0011.
According to the Opinions of the Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Individual Retirement Plans, the funds in individual retirement accounts can be invested in financial products such as bank wealth management products, savings deposits, commercial annuities, and publicly offered funds.
The launch of the first personal pension financial products marks the official start of personal pension investors’ ability to purchase financial products through their personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the CBIRC formulated the “Interim Measures for the Management of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Asset Management Companies”.
The Measures stipulate that participants may purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension investment products, personal pension insurance products, and publicly offered personal pension fund products through their personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation jointly issued a notice, clearly stating that the individual pension system would be implemented in 36 pilot cities and regions, including Beijing and Tianjin, as well as Xiong’an New Area in Hebei and Jincheng in Shanxi.
As of the end of 2022, there were 19.54 million participants in individual pension plans, with 6.13 million people making contributions, for a total contribution amount of 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, banks participating in the pilot program only offered three types of products: personal pension savings, personal annuity insurance products, and publicly-offered personal annuity funds.
Now that a variety of personal pension investment products have emerged, how should investors choose?
According to experts from the product development department of ICBC Wealth Management, compared with other personal pension products, pilot-phase pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products both have three distinctive features.
The first is stability. The risk management mechanism is more robust, investment strategies and principles are more stable, and independent third-party custody is implemented.
Second, long-term nature: the duration of the pilot period for long-term care financial products is 5 years or more; in the future, the minimum holding period for individual pension financial products will be 1 year, with a preference for products held for 3 years or more.
The third advantage is its universality. The minimum purchase threshold for products is low, usually starting at 1 yuan, and in some cases as low as 0.01 yuan. The fees for custody and management of the products are also more favorable.
Professionals point out that investors should choose based on the characteristics of the product and their own ability to bear risk.
Individual retirement savings have the characteristics of long-term investment, high returns, and high safety; they are suitable for people with low risk tolerance; individual retirement insurance products focus on protection, and are suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and are willing to accept stable returns; individual retirement investment products and publicly-offered fund products have no guarantee of principal or returns, and have certain investment risks, but offer relatively high expected returns and are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk tolerance.
Written by Qi Gai, editor of this newspaper, and coordinated by Pooli Haiping
The fitness industry should overcome its crisis of trust - www.chinanews.com
Another major gym “defaults” on its loans?
Recently, the issue of member rights protection at the well-known fitness center Chengxin has attracted the attention of society.
After the Chinese New Year, many members found that the stores they visited were not operating normally. Subsequently, rumors about the closure and disappearance of the organization caused panic among the members, leading to the involvement of public security and human resources departments.
Finally, a responsible person from the agency came forward to respond, promising to do their best to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the controversy was thus resolved.
Some gyms have temporarily closed due to operational problems at some of their branches, and consumers could have waited for the problems to be resolved. Why is it that the first reaction of many members was that “something is wrong”?
The dispute over the rights of members of fitness clubs is indicative of a deeper problem of trust in the industry.
Domestically, traditional gyms generally adopt a prepaid membership model, with “making money from customers who don’t come” being the underlying logic behind their development.
By obtaining cash flow through the pre-sale of membership cards and opening new stores, it may seem like a cycle that can be repeated indefinitely, but in reality, it is like eating into one’s own reserves and is unable to form a stable profit model.
Negative news such as gyms going bankrupt has been spreading, causing a strong impact on consumer confidence.
In terms of market prospects, gyms are certainly a good business with “money-making potential”.
Although the fitness industry has its ups and downs, it has always been a focus of capital.
Numerous data indicate that the popularity of areas such as cultural and sports consumption is on the rise, and that the market is continuing to recover.
Specifically in the fitness market, as the living standards of residents steadily improve, the concept of a healthy lifestyle has become deeply ingrained in people’s minds, providing great potential for the development of the fitness industry.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, some institutions are overly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery in consumption, and have just emerged from the crisis, yet they are already sounding the call to expand and are pouring all their financing into new store construction.
It cannot be denied that in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn due to the impact of the pandemic, and the industry has undergone a reshuffle. At this time, powerful enterprises choose to increase their acquisition efforts selectively and reorganize their businesses, which presents new opportunities.
However, in order for the fitness industry to develop and enter into a virtuous cycle, and to embark on a stable and prosperous path, the industry must change its traditional model and business strategy.
Only by persevering and re-establishing consumer trust and a sense of security can we truly win the market and secure our future.
Compared to grabbing market share like Big Chill New Store, what the fitness industry currently needs more is to calm down and optimize its services, and to stabilize users through high-quality development.
First of all, we need to rely on services to retain users.
Fitness centers belong to the service industry, and their essence is to adhere to the “user-orientation” principle, focusing on improving the quality of services around the needs of users.
Secondly, digital transformation is the key to improving user experience.
For example, the popular Internet gym model allows users to pay on a per-session basis and choose their own workout locations.
At the same time, the effective utilization of body and movement data can meet social needs and realize a complete service loop from online to offline.
With no private sales pitches or exorbitant annual fees, users' concerns about gyms "running away with their money" are reduced, and their trust in these establishments is increased.
In addition, we should actively explore various business models.
Nowadays, sports consumption has evolved from a single service to a scenario-based consumption model. Fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption, and peripheral products such as sports supplements and fitness equipment may become new profit points, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianjie
The more you buy, the more you save!
The real estate market in Nanjing sees the reappearance of “price differential compensation” - www.chinanews.com
Report by Yangzi Evening News (reporter: Ma Zhuopo): In an interview conducted on the 10th, reporters from Yangzi Evening News/Zhi Niu News discovered that the “protection agreement” that had not been seen for over a decade has returned to the Nanjing real estate market. A property development project in Jiangbei New Area claimed to offer “difference compensation”; before the handover of the property, the discounts for other properties were greater than the previous discounts, and the developer was willing to offer buyers a property exchange and refund the difference.
The conditions of the “price protection agreement” are quite extensive.
The property, located in Jiangbei New District, is called Poli Yanzi Congyun Tai and the person looking at the property, Mr. Sun, told the reporter that he found a “statement” during his visit to the property last weekend.
The pictures he sent to the reporter showed that the developer of the property promised that if the purchase was made between February 1 and February 28, the developer would exchange the purchased property with another property with a higher discount (limited to other unsold properties that belong to the same floor plan, building, unit, and property type as the purchased property) from the date the contract was signed until the corresponding property was delivered, and the developer would refund the difference in price.
Mr. Sun said that the real estate agent said that this was actually a “price protection agreement” aimed at reassuring buyers that they didn’t need to worry about the developer lowering the price for a promotion, “now we are afraid that the price will be lowered after we buy it, and we won’t have time to go to the sales office to complain. It is indeed a relief not to have to worry about that”.
Many home buyers also believe that the “price guarantee agreement” is a good deal, as the conditions are not too bad. These agreements are essentially a way to reassure home buyers.
Ms. Zheng, who intends to buy a house for her basic needs in Jiangbei, said that the properties with price guarantees must be of the same type, in the same building and unit, and there are very few such properties available for comparison, so the “threshold” is quite high.
Some buyers also believe that due to information asymmetry, it is not impossible that additional discounts will be offered during the sale, making it difficult for buyers to "stand up for their rights."
Whether it will be possible to retain home buyers remains to be seen.
When the journalist searched for the property on a real estate website in Nanjing, they found that the project had sold 252 units in two buildings in November last year, with unit sizes ranging from 105 square meters to 129 square meters. The average selling price for fully furnished units was 39,843 yuan/square meter.
However, more than two months have passed, and according to online real estate listings, the total number of unsold units in the project is currently 157, accounting for 62.3%; of these, there are 128 units in building No. 8, with 113 units remaining unsold; out of the 124 units in building No. 7, 44 units are also unsold; the total number of units sold in the project is only 33, accounting for only 13%.
Market insiders explained that "buyback agreements" had also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, Lvtanxiyun, a housing development on Huangshan Road in Hexi, launched a "price protection plan" in order to attract buyers. The specific terms of the plan were as follows: "The company solemnly promises that if the discount range of the project is increased within one year, the company will refund the difference to the previous owners."
After that, in April 2011, 9 property developers in Nanjing also promised to compensate for the difference in price by offering a portion of their available properties.
“The property market is recovering, and we need a ‘stimulant’ at this time.
“Shen, a senior real estate operator in Nanjing, said that ‘price guarantee agreements’ are also one of the marketing methods used by real estate developers.
He believes that developers need more confidence than home buyers at present, and the introduction of the "price guarantee agreement" is actually meant to boost their confidence.
As for whether the buyers will remain, he said that it depends on the influence of multiple factors such as regulatory policies and loan qualification standards, and it is still unclear at this point.
Multiple indicators show economic decline, Taiwan’s poor start to the year - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, February 11 (reportors Zhao Bo and Huang Yan): Export trade volume has been in the “five consecutive months of contraction”, the Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) has contracted for seven consecutive months, and the Consumer Price Index (CPI) has reached a level of “three digits”… Recently, the Taiwan authorities have released economic data for January 2023.
Experts analyzed that Taiwan's economy had a poor start to the year and faces significant growth pressure.
According to the financial authority of the Taiwanese authorities, the exports of the Taiwan region amounted to US$31.51 billion in January this year, a year-on-year decrease of 21.2%, marking the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export volume of the 11 major export commodities all showed a decline compared to the same period last year.
Rubber products made of plastic and optical instruments saw the deepest declines, with respective annual decreases of 37.6% and 35.7%.
Exports of electronic components decreased by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest drop in the past 11 years.
Among them, the sales of integrated circuits fell by 18.3%, marking the largest drop in 14 years.
According to Cai Meina, director of the statistics department, this indicates that the weak demand in the consumer electronics industry is spreading, indicating that the electronics industry is entering a period of adjustment.
Statistics show that in January, imports and exports of Taiwan dropped simultaneously, with outbound shipments amounting to only US$2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The Taiwanese authorities in charge of financial affairs believe that global demand for end products has decreased, and that the adjustment of the industry and the suppression of manufacturers’ willingness to purchase raw materials have led to a decline in exports, making it unlikely that the situation will improve in the short term. Taiwan’s exports in the first quarter of this year are expected to decline more than previously anticipated.
According to data released by the Taiwanese China Economic Research Institute, the seasonally adjusted Taiwan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) in January was 40.4%, a 3.3 percentage point drop from December last year, and a contraction for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring indicator system, the PMI is set at 50% as the dividing line between expansion and contraction, with an index greater than 50% indicating expansion and vice versa.
Among the five components of the Taiwan PMI, new orders, production, and tightening of human resources were the main factors, while supplier delivery times shortened and inventories tightened.
All six industries saw contraction in the PMI, with the order of contraction rates being electricity and mechanical equipment industry (35.1%), electronic and optical equipment industry (35.2%), chemical and biotech/medical industry (39.2%), basic raw materials industry (42.4%), transportation equipment industry (42.6%), and food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the “Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics” of the Taiwanese authorities announced that the annual inflation rate of Taiwan in January was 3.04%, which has exceeded 3% since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared by 28.25%, reaching a 17-month high.
Cao Zhigang, a special commissioner from Taiwan’s “Office of the Chief Accountant”, admitted that the increase in vegetable prices was indeed greater than expected, excluding the impact of the Chinese New Year. The average CPI in January and February of this year should be close to 2.71%, which was the same as December last year. There is still inflation pressure, and it is still at a high level.
Looking ahead to Taiwan’s economy this year, experts are pessimistic based on reports from domestic media outlets such as United Daily News and “Yahoo Finance”.
Wu Daijiang, a professor from the Economics Department of “Central University” in Taiwan, analyzed that the decline in exports may cause problems with cash flow for export manufacturers, leading to an increase in debt default risks.
At the same time, the reduction in orders leads manufacturers to cut labor costs, which in turn affects the labor market and household finances, and in turn impacts consumer purchasing power.
According to Kuo Dashi, a researcher at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, with inflation remaining high in Europe and the United States and demand continuing to contract, it is expected that Taiwan's exports will continue to decline in the first half of the year.
As Taiwan's economy relies heavily on exports, the impact of the sluggish export performance will result in lower economic growth for the year compared to last year.
“An important engine for global recovery” - www.chinanews.com
“In response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Chinese economy has demonstrated great resilience.
Recent market expectations indicate that the international community is generally optimistic about China’s future development.
"José Luis, a renowned expert on China issues in Spain and honorary consultant of China Policy Observatory, said in an interview with our reporter that China's pandemic prevention and control has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further unleashed. "
Liu said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China has responded calmly with its exceptional economic governance experience and measures, which fully demonstrate its economic resilience and management level.
While China remains firmly committed to expanding its opening-up, the internal driving force of economic development continues to grow stronger, with state-owned enterprises and private enterprises developing in tandem.
Every year, the Two Sessions of the National People's Congress are held in China, where delegates discuss the country's development plans and hot-button issues related to people's livelihoods, and broadly gather consensus, unite people's hearts and minds, and pool wisdom, thus adding strength to China's development.
“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered a stage of high-quality development.
The international community is looking forward to China's wisdom and China's solutions, and is expecting China's development to bring new opportunities to the world.
Liu said that China is currently making great efforts to promote technological innovation and inject new impetus into economic and social development, “the investment of funds, cultivation of talent, and policy incentives have made China continue to be full of vitality in its new five-year plan”.
In the view of Liu Xiaohui, economic system reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, China has made use of the advantages of a market economy while also leveraging the strengths of its socialist system. It has taken proactive measures to stabilize its economy.
By setting strategic goals for expanding domestic demand, strengthening financial support for the real economy, supporting the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, and the manufacturing industry, adhering to innovation-driven development, promoting employment, increasing the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meeting the diverse consumption needs of the people, China will fully, accurately, and comprehensively implement the new development concept, focus on promoting high-quality development, build a new development pattern, and bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the proposal for the Belt and Road Initiative.
“The stabilization and recovery of the economy after the pandemic is a common goal of the international community.
As China’s economic development potential continues to be unleashed, it will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important driving force for global recovery.
Liu said that he hoped that the cooperation on the Belt and Road Initiative would continue to play its important role in improving the infrastructure level of various countries and strengthening interconnectivity in various fields, and continue to unleash greater potential.
(Report from Madrid by this newspaper)
(Reporter: Yan Hu of People's Daily)
Report: The number of overseas students returning home to seek employment in 2022 reached a new high - www.chinanews.com
The top 10 countries of study for recent graduates returning to China to seek employment in 2022, as shown in the report “2022 Chinese Returning Scholars Employment Survey Report”
Message from ECNS, Beijing, February 11 (Meng Ru): The “2022 China Returned Overseas Talents Employment Survey Report” (hereinafter referred to as the “Report”) released recently shows that the number of 2022 graduates returning from studying abroad increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of returned students seeking employment reached a new high, and the demand for overseas talents by Chinese enterprises is on the rise.
The report indicates that since 2020, the number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China has grown significantly, and the number of recent graduates who have returned home to seek employment has increased.
Compared with 2021, the size of the 2022 graduate students returning home to seek employment increased by 8.6%, setting a new record.
In terms of the countries where students who returned home to seek employment had studied, the United Kingdom had the highest proportion at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%); these rankings were the same as in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth, the number of new international students from Malaysia, Japan, and Singapore increased significantly in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9%, and 37.7%, respectively.
The number of recent graduates from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia decreased year-on-year.
Trends in the supply and demand of returnees in the first week after Chinese New Year in 2023. Source: “2022 China Returned Overseas Talents Employment Survey Report”
The survey shows that 58% of the students who decided to return home believed that “life is more convenient in China”, 40% decided to return home because they “identify more with the cultural environment here”, 32% believed that “there are more employment opportunities in China”, and 22% believed that the Chinese economy will recover faster, providing more employment opportunities.
According to the data, domestic enterprises are rapidly increasing their demand for overseas talent, and the demand for returnees from overseas is on the rise.
In the first week after the Chinese New Year in 2023, the number of positions preferred by overseas returnees and the number of overseas returnees seeking employment in the country both showed an upward trend. On February 3, the number of positions preferred by overseas returnees increased by 11% compared to January 28, and the number of overseas returnees seeking employment increased by 27%.
By industry, in 2022, the positions in the education/training industry accounted for 27.8% of the preferred positions for overseas returnees, ranking first; the professional services/consulting and internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
Changes in the number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China in recent years. Source: “2022 China Returned Overseas Talents Employment Survey Report”
In terms of compensation, the average recruitment salary for priority positions for overseas returnees has been increasing for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month (RMB, same below) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan compared to 2021 (13,719 yuan/month), a 7% increase.
When viewed by region, the willingness of the returning overseas talent group to develop in new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier and lower cities all increased in 2022. The proportion of applicants in these categories was 31%, 15.7%, and 14.3%, respectively, which was higher than the proportion of applicants in 2021.
Regarding the benefits of studying abroad, 52.7% of the returnees said that they had achieved what they expected, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared to the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said that their performance was higher or much higher than expected, which is higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(Complete)
Save half or even more on costs?
Henan Province standardizes and integrates prices of dental implant medical services - China News Service
Report by CCTV.com: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many toothless patients, but the price of up to tens of thousands of yuan per tooth has always been a deterrent for many patients.
Since this year, with the accelerated implementation of collective procurement of dental implants, various regions have also included the reduction of dental implant prices on their agendas.
Starting from February 10th, the price control target for a single conventional implant dental service in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the total cost of a single conventional implant procedure should not exceed 97% of the control target.
Tooth implantation refers to a method of tooth restoration in which the upper part of the restoration is supported and fixed by implanting a structure at the bottom into the bone tissue.
Reporters learned from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University that the price for a single conventional graft, from the time of planting to the final repair, is around 16,700 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that for someone in my condition, the cost would be around 8,000 yuan, or less than 10,000 yuan, and could be reduced by half.
Based on the existing projects, Henan Province has also integrated 15 medical service price items for oral implantation, such as “implant insertion fee (per tooth)”, and formulated a unified price for public medical institutions under provincial administration, as well as a unified payment category for medical insurance, cancelling or adjusting 20 medical service price items, such as dental implant surgery.
Li Yunjie, head of the Pharmaceutical Pricing and Tendering Department of the Zhengzhou Bureau of Medical Insurance: The main beneficiaries are the patients. For one, medical insurance expenses will be reduced; the pressure on hospitals will be reduced, and patients will be able to receive more treatment; suppliers will gain a market; and patients will benefit the most, as the cost of dental implants may be reduced by half or even more.
Shenzhen: building the country’s first and world’s leading city of speed and innovation - chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, February 11: According to a message from the WeChat public account “Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology” on February 10, the Shenzhen Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the “Shenzhen Action Plan for Building a Smart City” (“Shenzhen Smart City Construction Action Plan”).
It proposes that by the end of 2023, a super broadband network with high speed, large capacity, and low latency will be built, achieving the goals of “2 Gbps for all, a completely optical network, 1 millisecond latency, and universal connectivity”, and creating a world-leading ultra-fast city.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of the 1000G optical network.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of full-fiber industrial parks (industrial zones) will exceed 100.
The Plan requires that the energy efficiency of 5G networks be comprehensively improved.
Research and development of quality standards for 5G network services in Shenzhen, as well as testing and evaluation of 5G networks, to improve the quality of 5G network services.
Support basic telecommunications enterprises in stepping up efforts to optimize 5G networks in key regions and areas, adding 10,000 new 5G base stations throughout the year, achieving an average download speed of 500 Mbps and an upload speed of 100 Mbps in the city as a whole, and a download speed of 1,000 Mbps and an upload speed of 200 Mbps in key areas, significantly improving network speed and user experience.
Build a high-quality wireless local area network at the city level.
Develop a set of standards for wireless local area network (WLAN) services in public places, and promote the upgrade of WLAN services in areas with high population density and concentrated information consumption needs, providing access capabilities of 1,000 Mbps.
By building the "Shen i Network", a unified authentication and management platform for public wireless local area networks throughout the city, it enables "one-time authentication, seamless roaming, and intelligent switching", and supports operating entities to include social-owned APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities in the authentication and management platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of APs upgraded to support access will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan proposes the construction of high-quality, all-optical networks, the establishment of a multi-level system for providing computing power, the acceleration of construction of key communication network facilities, and the enhancement of Internet application service capabilities.
The Plan clearly states that a collaborative effort will be made to construct a connected sensing system.
Explore a construction and management model for city sensing terminals based on the “open source Hongmeng” operating system, reduce the cost of interconnection, accelerate the construction of city-level IoT sensing platforms, and promote interconnection and data exchange between urban IoT platforms, specialized IoT platforms in various fields, and other networks and data.
Deepen the application of the Internet of Things and sensing technology in areas such as urban management, public services, public safety, and transportation, and expand the fixed sensing and intelligent networking of roads, buildings, public facilities, and the mobile sensing channels of smart vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity, gas, and Internet of Things sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and more than 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The Plan also mentions strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communication applications, building low-altitude network infrastructure, and promoting in-depth coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, efforts will be made to promote the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, build an ecosystem for innovative industrial development, and support the hosting of top-level events and activities.
(CNST Business News)
As "new variables" emerge in China's e-commerce industry, how can merchants achieve "content as king"?
- China News Service
Message from chinanews.com on February 11: Title: “New variables” emerge in China’s e-commerce industry; how to make “content king” when selling products?
CNS Business Journalist: Xia Bin
“We entered the e-commerce market late, but from the very beginning we realized that content is crucial if you want to stand out from the millions of other stores.
Fangfang, a “90s” girl from Guangdong, is currently operating a store selling health supplements on the TikTok e-commerce platform, helping a brick-and-mortar store with over 30 years of history “bloom” online.
By imitating the style of old Hong Kong movies and pairing it with classic Cantonese songs, opening the Douyin account of @Fangfang1PersonFood, one can see exquisite videos that are a breath of fresh air.
Recently, at the "Finding Peers and Sharing Quality Content" special session for Toutiao e-commerce, Fangfang attended as a representative of quality creators to share her experiences and insights on her daily creative work.
She said at the scene, “The carefully crafted videos have gained the attention of many netizens, many of whom are interested in the ingredients I use and want to cook along with me. Our sales have suddenly taken off. ”
”
Fangfang used soup video to make more people fall in love with the "flavor of Laoguang", and in one live broadcast she sold up to 300,000 packets of nourishing ingredients, saving her family's store from bankruptcy.
“No content, no e-commerce”, as short video and live broadcast e-commerce continue to develop, people’s requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new phase.
In the early days of live broadcast sales, live broadcast rooms often used low price discounts to attract users, and price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal influencers such as Liu Yanhong and Eastern Selection, as well as numerous lesser-known personalities and merchants who have emerged in vertical sub-fields. They have improved their long-term business performance by consistently creating high-quality content that aligns with their brand image.
According to Gao Yaixian, the person in charge of the operation of star authors on the TikTok e-commerce platform, over the past year, 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through the TikTok e-commerce platform, and their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and their total sales have more than doubled.
"Behind these numbers, we can sense a thriving author ecosystem with a strong vitality.
“Said Gao Yaixian.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the "Electronic Commerce Industry Content Ecosystem Health Index (ECHI) Report", which analyzes the importance of high-quality content, a "new variable" in the current electronic commerce industry, from a data perspective. The report assesses the content ecosystem of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China using indices.
According to the ranking of the e-commerce industry's content ecosystem health index based on the aforementioned report, the top five are: TikTok e-commerce, XiaoHuo, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com.
The report considers the content ecology in the e-commerce industry to be an integrated concept, which refers to the integration of e-commerce and content. Not all content can be integrated with e-commerce, and good PGC (professional-produced content) and UGC (user-generated content) are the best vehicles for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of a content platform, the richer the scenarios for consumption and promotion, and the higher the possibility of e-commerce integration, the stronger the commercial value, and the higher the proportion of content production and consumption in e-commerce, which gradually integrates public and private domains.
On the scene, Professor Yi Guoming, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Committee of Media Economics and Management, provided an analysis and interpretation of the report.
He said that in terms of content value, the e-commerce industry has transitioned from “consumer accessibility” to “consumer quality”, and high-quality, professional, and differentiated content is the “hard currency” of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the foundation and driving force for the new stage of e-commerce development; knowledge-based payments, specialized knowledge, KOLs (key opinion leaders), and other PGC content have become standard features in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking towards the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guoming put forward two suggestions.
From the perspective of improving content structure, it promotes the overall improvement of the health and quality of the content ecology of e-commerce platforms, establishes positive standards for content creation and management, and achieves a healthy system index and dynamic balance of the content ecology in the e-commerce industry.
Another aspect is the external ecosystem. We need to achieve healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and value synergy and co-creation with the external environment.
In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more support in terms of data and artificial intelligence to make predictions about future development; in addition, it should provide more standardized and healthy growth opportunities for merchants, achieve value coordination among enterprises, users, products, and services in the e-commerce industry, and jointly create a healthy content ecosystem.
”(Completion)
The margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will launch next week - www.chinanews.com
Report by China Economic Net (reporter: Sun Jie): Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange announced that after approval by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, its securities lending and borrowing transactions will officially commence on February 13. At that time, securities companies authorized to conduct securities lending and borrowing transactions at the Beijing Stock Exchange will accept investors’ orders and submit securities lending and borrowing transactions to the exchange.
The list of the first 56 securities subject to securities lending was determined based on the reference date of January 31, 2023.
The Beijing Exchange stated that the list of stocks eligible for securities lending and the list of securities that can be used as collateral will be published on the Beijing Exchange website under the “Information Disclosure - Securities Lending Information” section, making it easier for investors to access this information.
Margin trading is an important fundamental system in the securities market, and is one of the most mature trading methods in the international securities market.
On September 2nd last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on its securities finance business.
The launch of securities lending and borrowing transactions on the Beijing Stock Exchange is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of market systems and improve trading mechanisms on the exchange, while enhancing the pricing function of the secondary market.
The securities lending and borrowing system benefits investors by enriching their trading strategies, meeting their diverse trading needs, promoting the discovery of market prices, and further improving market liquidity.
In the future, the Beijing Stock Exchange will continue to perform its duties in ensuring the smooth operation of securities lending and borrowing transactions under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It will develop its trading system tools based on investor needs and improve its supporting mechanisms to become a top-tier stock exchange that serves innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Forum was held in Beijing; He Liufeng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11th: The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Forum was held in Beijing on February 11th, with both online and offline activities.
He Hefeng, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He LiFeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe during their meeting in Bangkok, and to strengthen green development cooperation between China and Japan.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and accelerate the green transformation of its development model, deepen environmental pollution prevention and control, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and prudently advance the goals of peak carbon emissions and carbon neutrality, and promote low-carbon, pollution-reducing, greening, and growth-oriented development that prioritizes ecology, saves resources, and pursues green and low-carbon development.
China is willing to work together with Japan to deepen cooperation in the fields of green and low-carbon industries, technology, policy dialogue, and cultural exchanges, and to promote the green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Hiroshige Sekimoto attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce of China, and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and included a main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, electrification and intelligence of automobiles, hydrogen energy, and long-term China-Japan trade.
Representatives from the governments and enterprises of China and Japan participated in the exchange.
The Chinese rescue team continued its rescue operations in Turkey and has already rescued 4 people trapped in the rubble - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, February 11: According to information released on the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, a Chinese rescue team that was conducting a search and rescue operation in Turkey dispatched three operational units and 45 rescue team members to rescue one trapped person.
Two search and assessment teams were also sent to assess and investigate the 15 buildings on Vodabashi Street.
So far, a total of 4 people have been rescued, 5 bodies have been found, and life signs and risk assessments have been conducted on the 25 buildings that have collapsed.
The rescue team will adjust the rescue forces according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the conditions at the rescue site, and continue to carry out rescue work in depth.
The rescue team obtained rescue assistance information through various channels, such as embassies, local governments, and UN rescue organizations, and verified each case through online inquiries and on-site searches.
The Chinese rescue team briefed the Hong Kong rescue team on the current rescue environment and the collapse of buildings, and jointly conducted search and rescue operations.
At present, it is responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) in cooperation with Italian rescue teams, and three of its members are participating in the work of Rescue Coordination Center No. 5. They have communicated with teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman, and other countries to learn about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and various national rescue teams.
The rescue team continued to strengthen safety management and team protection, following the principles of “unified command and safety first”, strengthening safety control at the rescue site, enforcing rescue work discipline, and clearly stating safety precautions.
A system of continuous on-call duty and guard duty was implemented to strengthen security management in the camp.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide medical checkups for team members every day to strengthen the medical protection of key personnel. At present, all members of the rescue team are in good health and are carrying out disinfection work in the camp.
After the self-supporting camp was established, the logistics support team set up a total of 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical and sanitation, and living quarters and kennels, to ensure the availability of more than 30 sets of rescue equipment at the scene.
Xinhua News Agency commentator: Promoting modernization in the Chinese way is a systematic project – a commentary on the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress – chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11th: Promoting the modernization of China is a systematic project – four opinions on thoroughly understanding the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Commentator from Xinhua News Agency
“Advancing modernization in the Chinese context is a systematic undertaking that requires comprehensive planning, overall coordination, and integrated efforts, and requires us to properly balance top-level design with practical exploration and strategic planning with tactical measures, adherence to tradition with innovation, efficiency with fairness, vitality with order, self-reliance with openness to the outside world, and so on.
“At the opening ceremony of the training course for new members of the Central Committee, alternate members of the Central Committee, and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres on learning and implementing the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping has made scientific analyses of the laws governing modernization construction, and has profoundly and systematically explained a series of major issues that need to be addressed in practice. This provides us with a scientific methodology for vigorously promoting the modernization of China.”
The promotion of Chinese modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization, and affects governance of the Party, the country, and the military, as well as domestic affairs, foreign affairs, and national defense. It is necessary to make systematic plans and be willing to innovate and reform, and continuously achieve overall progress.
Conducting top-level design requires a profound understanding of the trends in world development, an accurate grasp of the common aspirations of the people, and in-depth exploration of the laws governing economic and social development, so that the plans and policy systems developed reflect the spirit of the times, embody logical thinking, and are innovative, and are able to combine long-term and short-term perspectives, and integrate various aspects.
The promotion of modernization in the Chinese context is an exploratory undertaking, and there are many unknown areas that need to be explored boldly through reform and innovation to drive the development of the country; we must not be overly cautious and wait for opportunities to come to us.
Strategic issues are fundamental problems for a political party and a country.
To promote modernization in the Chinese way, we need to enhance the forward-looking nature of our strategies, so as to anticipate and lead the future; we need to enhance the overall nature of our strategies, with a focus on solving major problems that are critical to the prosperity and survival of the Party and the country; and we need to enhance the stability of our strategies, so that once they are formulated, they can be consistently implemented over the long term.
It is necessary to grasp the dialectical unity between strategy and tactics, combine the principled nature of strategy with the flexibility of tactics, be flexible and adaptable, make decisions on the spot, and maintain strategic initiative by adapting to local conditions, taking advantage of opportunities, and acting accordingly.
The Chinese nation is a nation that values upholding tradition and innovation.
It is necessary to balance the relationship between upholding tradition and innovation. While upholding the essence and origin of Chinese modernization, we must unwaveringly adhere to the characteristics, essence, and fundamental principles of Chinese modernization, so as to ensure that Chinese modernization takes the correct direction. At the same time, innovation should be given prominent position in the overall development of the country, and we should adapt to the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, and actively seek change and innovation, vigorously promoting reform and innovation, and continuously creating new driving forces and advantages for development, so as to fully unleash the creative vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation for fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee for efficiency.
As we advance towards modernization in the Chinese way, we must strive to achieve higher efficiency than that of capitalism while also effectively maintaining social fairness, so as to achieve a balance between efficiency and fairness, and promote their mutual promotion and unity.
It is necessary to balance efficiency and fairness, and continuously achieve development for the people, development relying on the people, and development outcomes shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization can benefit the people more fairly and equitably.
To promote modernization in the Chinese way, we need to strike a balance between vitality and order, so that society is both vibrant and orderly.
We must balance the two important tasks of development and security, implement the comprehensive national security concept, establish a national security system, enhance our ability to safeguard national security, and resolutely safeguard the security of the state's political power, system, ideology, and key areas.
While paying more attention to security factors in development, we will strengthen our national security through development, use the results of development to consolidate the foundation of national security, and create a safe environment conducive to economic and social development, thereby continuously unleashing the development potential and achieving a positive interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
In advancing modernization in the Chinese way, we must both stick to our own path and broaden our horizons, adhere to openness to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of Chinese modernization.
We must stick to independence and self-reliance, place the development of the country and the nation at the starting point of our own strength, and firmly take control of our own destiny in the process of development and progress of our country.
We must continuously expand high-level opening-up to the outside world, participate deeply in the global division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space for China's modernization, and share development opportunities and create a better future through mutually beneficial cooperation.
By following this path, we can achieve great things.
Under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Xi Jinping at its core, and guided by the scientific insights of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in a New Era, we should grasp the laws, work hard with perseverance, fully unleash our positive energy, initiative, and creativity, and properly handle a series of major issues. We should strive to make progress on the new journey of building a socialist modern state, and continuously forge new ground in the modernization of China.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) The Biden administration will blacklist six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the spy balloon program on Friday (February 10th).
The U.S. Department of Commerce said that these 5 Chinese companies and 1 research institution have helped modernize the Chinese military, particularly in aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
Companies placed on the blacklist have a hard time obtaining technology exports from the United States.
The list is known as the “entity list” and companies that are included on it will not be able to purchase technology or goods from American suppliers unless they obtain special export licenses from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The companies placed on the blacklist are: Beijing Nange Aerospace Science and Technology Co., Ltd., 48th Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group Corporation, Longgang Lianjing Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xiaohang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd., and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to this, the White House had expressed its consideration of taking broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger-scale surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident led to further tensions between China and the United States, and U.S. Secretary of State Blinken canceled his visit to China.
On February 4th, the United States shot down a balloon. The Chinese government lodged a strong protest with the U.S. Embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously undermining and damaging the efforts and progress made by both sides to stabilize Sino-American relations.
Based on the evidence from the debris and information from the procurement platform of the Chinese military, the US government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon "has a direct relationship with the Chinese army" and is an approved supplier of the Chinese military.
Miao Ning, a spokesperson for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said at a press conference on Friday that China has explained the situation and clarified its position on multiple occasions regarding the accidental entry of a Chinese unmanned aerial vehicle into U.S. airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions in the US Congress are purely political maneuvering and sensationalism.
China strongly objects to this and firmly opposes it.
"Today's action demonstrates the collective effort we have made to identify and stop China's use of spy balloons, which have violated the airspace of the United States and more than 40 other countries," said Matthew Axelrod, the assistant secretary for export enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce.
”
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhai Xiaoshang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said they were not aware of the sanctions and refused to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States and the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs have not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
Copyright © 2023 Deutschlandfunk. All contents are protected by copyright law, and unauthorized use is prohibited without special permission from Deutschlandfunk.
Any improper conduct will result in recovery of funds and criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle website, Chinese edition) Several days have passed since the earthquake hit parts of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is fading. However, the rescue of a family of five on Saturday brought immense relief to the rescue workers.
According to Associated Press, in the hard-hit town of Nurday in Gaziantep province, this family of five was rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days.
The rescuers first pulled the mother and daughter out from the rubble, and then found the father. However, he insisted on being rescued first, in order to save his son and another daughter.
When they were all rescued, the crowd erupted in cheers.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaraş, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued in harsh freezing weather conditions.
“What day is it today?”
"—the boy trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the rescuers who brought him back to the ground.
A man from Kahramanmaraş is holding the cat he just rescued.
The miraculous cases of successful rescue bring a glimmer of hope to the otherwise bleak search and rescue efforts, but at the same time, the number of fatalities continues to rise.
According to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has caused more than 20,000 deaths in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be over 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive for more than a week after being trapped in the rubble, the hope of finding more survivors is becoming increasingly slim.
Rescue workers are still using thermal imaging devices to search for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of the rescue efforts began to shift towards helping the survivors who urgently needed assistance.
UN officials: disaster in the region “unprecedented in a century”
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference held in Turkey that the earthquake was "the worst disaster in the region in a century".
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "extraordinary".
He also told a Reuters reporter that he hoped to provide rescue services to areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but also said that the matter was "not yet clear."
The United Nations has pledged to provide an additional $25 million in relief aid to the victims of the earthquake in Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced that it would allocate $25 million in aid for Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Great Chilean earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 PM local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile. The magnitude of the earthquake was 9.5.
Within just ten minutes, Valdivia turned into a city in ruins.
The huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the coast of Chile, causing waves as high as 25 meters.
The tsunami affected distant countries such as Japan and the Philippines.
The number of fatalities and economic losses caused by this disaster on such a large scale cannot be accurately determined.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred around the world over the past 60 years
Alaskan earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, which also happened to be Good Friday.
On that day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
As of 2006, the Alaskan earthquake still remains the third largest earthquake in recorded history.
When the earthquake occurred, a fault line between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate ruptured near Prince William Sound, close to College Fjord.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted from 3 to 5 minutes.
The movement of the seabed caused a huge tsunami with a height of 67 meters.
Since it was a holiday, many schools and businesses were closed.
This major earthquake ultimately resulted in the deaths of 139 people.
Among them, 9 people died directly due to the earthquake, while the other 130 died due to the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred around the world over the past 60 years
Tangshan earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes measuring 7 or higher on the Richter scale occurred in Tangshan and Fengnan counties in Hebei Province, China within a period of 16 hours.
The epicenter is 23 kilometers below the surface.
Traffic, communication, water supply, and electricity were all disrupted in Tangshan City, and the city was reduced to ruins in a matter of moments.
People in Beijing, the capital city located 140 kilometers away, also felt strong tremors.
According to official statistics, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake is the second deadliest earthquake in China with records to date, second only to the Jiashan earthquake in 1556.
However, some overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake may have caused at least 650,000 deaths.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers west of the Aceh province on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia, with a depth of 30 kilometers and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a massive tsunami with waves as high as 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the areas most severely affected including Aceh Province in Indonesia, the Khao Lak and Phuket resort areas in Thailand, Sri Lanka, and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
At that time, it was the peak season for Christmas travel, and the affected areas were crowded with a large number of tourists and local residents. This led to many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and local people working on the coast being swept away by the tsunami, resulting in many people becoming missing persons.
It is estimated that at least 300,000 people died or went missing.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred around the world over the past 60 years
Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake struck the region of Wenchuan in Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the surface wave magnitude of the earthquake reached 8.2, and the moment magnitude reached 8.3. The affected area exceeded 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had caused 69,227 deaths, 17,923 missing persons, 374,643 people with injuries of varying severity, 1,993,030 people who lost their homes, and a total of 46,256,000 people affected by the disaster.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and caused the highest number of casualties after the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12th of every year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day, with the aim of strengthening education for the public and increasing attention to disaster prevention and mitigation efforts.
Afterwards, governments and primary and secondary schools in many parts of China held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Middle and primary schools have also started to place emphasis on popularizing “earthquake prevention and mitigation” education.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, a magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck Haiti, a Caribbean island nation.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of the capital city of Port-au-Prince, Haiti, and the hypocenter was about 13 kilometers below the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that approximately 3 million people were affected by the earthquake.
The Haitian government has confirmed more than 200,000 deaths.
In some areas of Haiti, up to 90% of buildings were destroyed in the earthquake.
Although the international community provided a lot of aid and support, this impoverished country plagued by overpopulation and rampant corruption has never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred around the world over the past 60 years
The Great East Japan Earthquake (2011)
A large tsunami earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the northeastern coast of Japan on March 11, 2011.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean to the east of Sendai, the capital city of Miyagi Prefecture, and the seismic source was measured to be 24 kilometers deep. It also triggered a massive tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first to exceed a magnitude of 9 in Japan since seismic observations began.
Approximately 22,000 people lost their lives due to the disaster, and around 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant suffered a leakage incident due to the effects of the earthquake and tsunami.
This incident was classified as level 7 on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to the detection of trace amounts of radioactive substances around the world, including iodine-131 and caesium-137 (half-life of 30 years).
A large number of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific as a result of this nuclear accident.
According to statistics from the United Nations, in the disaster areas of both Syria and Turkey, at least 870,000 people are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes due to earthquakes.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has called for $77 million in funding to provide food for people displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
At present, temperatures in the disaster areas have dropped to as low as zero degrees, and many victims have no place to live.
The Turkish government has distributed a large number of hot meals, tents, and blankets, but these supplies have still been difficult to deliver to many people in need of assistance.
In Syria, which has been embroiled in a civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has only added to the misery of its people.
Within four days of the earthquake, the World Food Programme had provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
Copyright © 2023 Deutschlandfunk. All contents are protected by copyright law, and unauthorized use is prohibited without special permission from Deutschlandfunk.
Any improper conduct will result in recovery of funds and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Alert: The Police Department Calls on Citizens to Beware of Fraudulent Text Messages from Impersonators of Telecommunications Companies
Recently, the police department has received numerous reports of telecommunications fraud. The fraudsters posed as Hong Kong Telecom and sent the victim a fraudulent text message with a website link, luring them to log in to a fake website to redeem their reward points before they expire.
The victim followed the instructions to enter her credit card information and verification code, and immediately received a notification from the financial institution that there were unidentified charges on her credit card. She suspected that her credit card information had been stolen from the website.
After an investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above-mentioned short message.
The police urge members of the public to be more vigilant if they receive similar text messages. Do not click on the links in the text messages or provide any personal information. If you are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords, or transaction verification codes, be extra cautious to prevent your credit card from being stolen and used fraudulently.
Anti-fraud reminder:
1. Pay more attention to cybersecurity news and improve personal prevention awareness;
2. Do not register your personal and credit card information on unknown websites without proper authentication, to prevent identity theft;
3. Beware of fake and phishing websites; always make sure that the website address matches that of the official website;
4. Install antivirus software on your mobile phone, mobile device or computer and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect that you have been the victim of fraud or any other crime, you should immediately call the Police Fraud Investigation Hotline at 8800 7777 or the Police Reporting Hotline at 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large inspection group from Hong Kong visits tourist attractions and facilities in Macau to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand “joint tours” between Hong Kong and Macau.
The Tourism Board organized a large Hong Kong inspection team consisting of over 100 representatives from the Hong Kong government’s tourism department, the tourism industry, and the media to visit Macau. In addition to work meetings and industry negotiations, representatives from the Hong Kong travel agency industry and the media visited multiple tourist attractions, hotels, and tourism-related facilities in Macau in groups over the course of two days (October 10 and 11). The goal was to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market and promote cultural and tourism integration between the two regions, thereby expanding the “joint tourism” market between Hong Kong and Macau.
Visiting to inspect and introduce new tourism activities in Macau
The Hong Kong delegation for this large-scale study tour consisted of leaders and representatives from the relevant government tourism departments, over 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators, as well as around 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, representatives from tourism social media and online media, and bloggers/influencers. They came to Macau to exchange ideas and learn about the latest tourism resources in Macau. The Hong Kong industry and media will introduce the new developments in Macau tourism to Hong Kong residents and tourists visiting Hong Kong, and expand the “joint tourism” market between Hong Kong and Macau by taking advantage of Hong Kong’s transportation hub.
A tightly packed two-day schedule to seek business opportunities and increase publicity.
During the past two days, the inspection team visited the World Heritage site “Historic Centre of Macau”, experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, “Time Travel: A Journey Through Three Baos” – an immersive digital experience exhibition at the Largo do Senado, Ao Pin, the old town of Taipa, as well as several large resort hotels and facilities, including the Grand Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, the Venetian, Wynn Palace, Morpheus, Londoner Macau, Galaxy Macau, Artelli multi-dimensional art space at Sands Cotai Central, and teamLab’s supernatural space at the Venetian Macau.
Members of the delegation visited Macau's tourism facilities and experienced the "tourism +" elements of Macau firsthand, sharing their experiences and knowledge of Macau's tourism resources with Hong Kong residents, and promoting and selling the latest Macau tourism products to them.
Attracting Hong Kong tourists to expand “joint travel” between Hong Kong and Macau
Seizing the opportunity for a smooth border crossing, the Tourism Board has launched a promotional campaign in the Hong Kong market and introduced various promotions, including discounts on transportation tickets for travel between Hong Kong and Macau, and has launched advertisements on online and offline platforms with a new promotional video.
After inviting leaders from the Hong Kong tourism industry to Macau for an exchange visit and for Hong Kong influencers to experience Macau's "tourism+" industry last month, this time they organized a visit to Macau for representatives from the Hong Kong tourism industry and media to increase marketing efforts and attract Hong Kong tourists to stay and consume in Macau. The two industries also held talks to explore opportunities for cooperation in expanding the "joint tourism" market between Hong Kong and Macau, as well as in the mainland and overseas markets, in order to promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both regions.
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team in Central African Republic, urging them to provide assistance to the local people with kindness and medical skills, and to tell the story of China through their actions - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Online - Huasheng.cn
Xi Jinping sent a letter of encouragement to the members of the Chinese medical team in Central African Republic, urging them to provide assistance to the local people with kindness and medical skills, and to tell the story of China through their actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xifeng] Font size:【大 中 小】
Message from Xinhua News Agency in Beijing on February 10: On February 9, Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, president of the People’s Republic of China, and chairman of the Central Military Commission, sent a letter to the members of the 19th Chinese medical team aiding the Central African Republic. He sent his greetings to them and all foreign medical aid teams and expressed his sincere wishes.
In his reply letter, Xi Jinping said that you have overcome difficulties in work and life in China-Africa cooperation, and have dedicated yourselves to serving the local people, serving as both angels of mercy who save lives and heal wounds and ambassadors of friendship who spread love.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of Chinese medical aid teams overseas, and I would like to offer my sincere condolences to those who are currently and have previously carried out medical aid missions overseas.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign medical aid is a vivid demonstration of this.
I hope that you will not forget your original aspirations and missions, and will vigorously promote the spirit of the Chinese medical team, which is characterized by fearlessness in the face of hardship, dedication, saving lives and healing the wounded, and boundless love. May you bring benefits to the local people with your compassion and medical skills, tell the story of China through your actions, and make greater contributions to the construction of a community with a shared future for human health.
Medical aid is an important component of China’s foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent its first medical aid team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, it has sent medical teams to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Oceania, providing medical treatment to 290 million patients, earning widespread praise from the international community.
Currently, the medical relief team is working in 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, with nearly half of them located in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th Chinese medical team sent to Central African Republic wrote a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on their learning and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, as well as their provision of medical services to local residents, and expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a community with a shared future for human health.
The seminar for new members, alternate members, and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres of the Central Committee on studying and implementing the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress concluded - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng.cn
Graduation ceremony for a training course for new members, alternate members, and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres of the Central Committee on studying and implementing the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xifeng] Font size:【大 中 小】
Message from Xinhua News Agency in Beijing on February 10: The Seminar for New Members, Alternate Members, and Provincial and Department-level Senior Leaders on Learning and Implementing the Thought of Xi Jinping on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress concluded its studies on the afternoon of the 10th at the Central Party School (National Administrative College). Zhao Chi, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and a member of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee, attended the graduation ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that we should learn and implement in depth the important spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping’s speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, firmly support the “two-fold establishment” and the “two-fold adherence”, improve our capabilities and work hard, and solidly promote all aspects of China’s modernization, so as to create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice, and the people in the process of building a socialist modernized country in all respects and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all participants studied the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, guided by the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era. They conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges, deepening their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues related to China's modernization, and strengthening their confidence and determination to comprehensively promote China's modernization under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Xi Jinping at its core, as well as their sense of responsibility and mission to fulfill their duties and work hard to ensure a good start for the new era.
At the graduation ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar delivered speeches to report on and share their learning experiences.
Cai Qi said that learning and implementing the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress is both a top political task for the present and the future, and a long-term strategic task. We must follow the requirements of "comprehensively studying, comprehensively understanding, and comprehensively implementing" to drive the learning and implementation process deeper, more substantive, and more heartfelt.
We must have a deeper understanding of the decisive significance of the “two establishments”, resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the authority and collective leadership of the CPC Central Committee, continuously improve our political judgment, political comprehension, and political execution capabilities, and always maintain high consistency with the CPC Central Committee around the core of General Secretary Xi Jinping.
We should strive to master the basic skills of Marxist theory, consciously use the Party's innovative theories to arm our minds, guide our practices, and promote our work, and work hard to deepen our understanding, fully comprehend its essence, and put it into practice with unwavering faith and absolute loyalty, so as to truly learn to be steadfast in our beliefs, loyal in our actions, and responsible in our mission.
We must carry out the various decisions made by the 20th CPC National Congress with a spirit of hard work and perseverance, solidly promote modernization in the Chinese way, roll up our sleeves and work hard, take on the role of "construction supervisor", and turn our blueprints into reality step by step.
We must always remember that comprehensively strengthening Party discipline is an ongoing process and that the self-revolution of the Party is also an ongoing process, and we must tighten our grip on our political responsibilities in comprehensively strengthening Party discipline, with political construction as the guiding principle, and vigorously advance the new great project of building the Party in the new era.
We must strengthen our abilities in promoting high-quality development, serving the people, and preventing and resolving risks, and vigorously promote the spirit of investigation and research, resolutely preventing and overcoming formalism and bureaucratism.
Shang Taofei, Li Ganjie, Li Shuailei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinkun, Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the ceremony.
Google’s AI chatbot “gives wrong answers”; its parent company’s stock price disappears by hundreds of billions of dollars.
(Combined report on the 11th)
Google’s newly launched artificial intelligence chatbot Bard suffered a setback when it “gave the wrong answer” in a promotional video, causing Alphabet, Google’s parent company, to experience a sharp 8.9% drop in share price on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark and causing its market value to evaporate by $110 billion (approximately RM476.5 billion), closing at $94.57 on Friday.
The market is worried that Alphabet may not be able to keep up with its competitor Microsoft.
According to a report by Reuters, Google released an advertising short film featuring its AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier. In the film, someone asks Bard, “Can you tell me about the new discoveries of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) for my 9-year-old child?”
In his response, Bard mentioned that the telescope had taken the first photo of an exoplanet.
However, according to information from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the first photograph of an exoplanet was taken in 2004 by the Very Large Telescope (VLT) of the European Southern Observatory.
Reuters even reported on the matter with the headline “Alphabet shares plunge after Bard gets answer wrong”.
On the other hand, Google stated that Bard’s response “emphasizes the importance of rigorous testing processes” and that it will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard’s responses meet high standards in terms of quality, safety, and authenticity.
Singapore’s tourism industry is recovering strongly, with inbound tourists increasing 19 times compared to 2021
(Based on reports on November 11) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore is expected to reach 12 million to 14 million in 2023, generating tourism revenue of approximately 18 billion to 21 billion new Singapore dollars; the number of tourists and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of the pre-COVID-19 level in 2019; and there is a high probability that the tourism industry will fully recover in 2024.
The Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover in 2022.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, the number of incoming tourists increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million in 2022, exceeding the earlier estimate of 4 to 6 million by the Tourism Board; tourist arrivals have already recovered to 33% of their pre-pandemic levels.
From January to September 2022, tourism revenue in Singapore totaled 8.96 billion New Zealand dollars. It is expected that tourism revenue for the whole year of 2022 could reach 13.8 billion to 14.3 billion New Zealand dollars, a 6- to 7-fold increase compared to the 1.89 billion New Zealand dollars in 2021, and has already recovered to around 50% to 52% of the pre-COVID-19 level in 2019.
The Singaporean government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced a funding of nearly NZ$500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Board recently announced that it plans to allocate NZ$110 million from this budget over the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract returning tourists.
In order to make health and wellness one of the highlights of Singapore's tourism industry, the Singapore Tourism Board launched an expression of interest campaign on November 23, 2022, for the development of a health and wellness destination on the southern coast of Singapore.
Wang Lingli, executive director of sports and wellness tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have placed their physical health at the top of their list of considerations.
Developing a health and wellness attraction in the waterfront district of Marina Bay, which includes Marina Bay Gardens and the Marina Bay Promenade, is expected to contribute to Singapore’s tourism industry and economy, allowing visitors to spend more time and money in Singapore.
According to Chen Beijun, Director of the Singapore Tourism Board, health and wellness will become an important component of Singapore’s tourism products in the coming years.
The COVID-19 pandemic has increased public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
For this reason, the Tourism Board has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists over the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held its first Health and Wellness Festival, offering the public more than 130 types of health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide tourists with new travel experiences.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children’s Museum, the Avatar Experience at Sentosa’s Palawan Beach, the new “Explore New Horizons” exhibition at the Art Science Museum, and the outdoor theater newly built in the Night Safari, the Tourism Board will support the development and upgrading of projects such as the Flying Fox Adventure Park at the Mandai Wildlife Reserve, in order to make Singapore an attractive destination for international travelers.
According to the plan, Singapore will establish relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition, and incentive travel industries by 2023, with a focus on improving waste treatment and carbon emissions, and further optimizing the travel environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
According to the data, as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with over 150,000 passengers served per day and approximately 1 million passengers served per week, which is equivalent to about 75% of the pre-pandemic level. The number of airline employees returning to work has also recovered to approximately 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
According to the data, from January to October 2022, Singapore received 23.6 million visitors, accounting for 42% of the pre-pandemic level, and saw 170,000 takeoffs and landings, which is 53% of the pre-pandemic level.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also driven the recovery of the accommodation, transportation, dining, and shopping industries.
The Singaporean government and tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
According to Koh Suk Dan, Assistant Director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, a survey conducted by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore ranked third in the world in terms of safety index, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular among Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, approximately 3.6 million Chinese people traveled to Singapore for vacation each year.
As China relaxes its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to between a third and two-thirds of the 2019 level this year.
Koo Suk-dan pointed out that in the future, the Tourism Board will closely monitor any further changes in China’s policies on outbound travel in order to adapt to changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in outbound travel from China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the tourism industry will recover faster than expected, as long as the global economy does not experience a significant decline that affects public income, and as long as there are no new outbreaks of deadly pandemics on a large scale.
Kim Jong-un and his daughter interacted closely, while his wife was ignored nearby
(Combined report on September 11) On the evening of September 8, North Korea held a military parade to celebrate the 75th anniversary of its founding. Not only was Kim Jong Un’s daughter Kim Ju Ae in attendance, but she also stood on the podium with her father.
The North Korean official media agency released a video on the 9th showing Kim Jong-un hugging her father, exchanging affectionate glances with him several times, and tenderly caressing his face with her hands. She even touched her father’s chest, and their interactions were broadcasted throughout the country.
However, First Lady Liu Song had to stand aside.
According to reports by Korean media outlets such as “Chosun News,” in the official photo of Kim Jong Un, Ri Sol Ju, and their daughter Kim Ju Ae attending the dinner on the 7th, not only was Kim Ju Ae sitting in the center position between her parents, but the next evening, on the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army, she also stood on the podium with Kim Jong Un.
The North Korean official media outlet, "Korean Central Television", later released footage of the parade, exposing more scenes of deep father-daughter love.
Kim Jong Un looked at his daughter several times from the podium, and their smiles never faded. They even whispered to each other in their ears. Kim Jong Un even put his hands on his father's cheeks at one point, and smiled back at him.
Other CCTV footage also shows that the mistress, Kim Jong-un, kept touching her father's face while sitting on an indoor sofa; and while walking with her father, she would touch his chest with her hand.
First lady Liu Xiaohu was forced to walk behind or sit off to the side, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
According to Korean media, as the mastermind behind the launch, Kim Jong-un has been increasingly visible in public over the past three months since the first test launch of the Hwasong-17 missile on November 18 last year, and this is the fifth time he has appeared in a formal setting.
The North Korean official media referred to Kim Jong-un as the “beloved son” and “noble son” with the highest level of respect, and also broadcast footage of Kim Jong-un repeatedly shouting his pledge to die defending his bloodline while overlooking the parade from the stands.
These signs have led to speculation among outsiders about whether Kim Jong Un has already been designated as the heir to the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed this situation and concluded that "this is Kim Jong Un's signal that he is pushing his teenage daughter to take over the position of successor," but there are also opinions that such a judgment is premature and that there are still various possibilities in the case of a son among Kim Jong Un's offspring.
Huiling Answered Questions: How to view the unexpectedly strong January employment data in the United States and the future trend - Economic Observation Website (a professional financial news website)
Q: How does Reiyang Investment view the January U.S. employment data, which far exceeded expectations, and its future trend?
A: On February 3, the U.S. Department of Labor released the January 2020 non-farm employment data. The number of new non-farm jobs was 51.7 thousand, significantly higher than the market expectation of 18.9 thousand; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest level in nearly 50 years; the hourly wage growth was 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, showing a slight slowdown.
In terms of the overall data, there are many one-time and technical factors that affect the data this time, such as the return to work of striking teachers, the revision of survey statistics, and the updating of seasonal factors. In the future, these factors may be revised (refer to the upward revision of non-farm payrolls from 50.4 thousand to 36.4 thousand in January 2022), and non-farm employment may not be as strong as the data suggests.
In terms of structure, the impact of layoffs on high-tech companies is still being felt, but to a lesser extent; employment in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels and education and healthcare has increased significantly, indicating that there is still a labor shortage in the service industry.
In light of the equally strong services PMI, the rebound in job vacancies and labor shortages, and strong consumer credit data, we believe that the U.S. services sector has experienced rapid recovery following the extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that it will be difficult to improve the supply and demand imbalance in the US employment market without a recession.
Currently, there is still a supply gap of more than 5 million in the US labor market, and the labor participation rate has been slow to rise, especially for those aged 25-54, whose labor participation rate has already reached close to its pre-pandemic high.
In addition to this, due to the strong savings and consumer credit of American residents, the strong demand for consumption will cause the impact of contraction policies on the employment market to be further delayed.
The continued tight supply and demand in the US job market will be a defining feature of the US economy in 2023.
Coupled with the fact that interest rates are nearing the end of their rise and inflation expectations are fluctuating, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Prior to this data release, the US stock, bond, and foreign exchange markets had been overly optimistic about the Fed’s path towards interest rate hikes.
As inflation data continued to improve, the Fed maintained a delicate balance between shortening the pace of interest rate hikes and managing inflation expectations in the market. However, the market ignored the Fed's hawkish tone and expected not only an earlier halt to interest rate hikes but also two rate cuts by the end of the year.
With the tight supply and demand in the labor market and the unclear impact of contractionary policies, we believe that the Fed's guidance on interest rate hikes at the end of the year is relatively reasonable, and the adjustment of extreme market expectations and the congestion in trading may cause some harm to the market.
Despite this, the stubbornness of wage growth is difficult to change in the current trend of rapidly declining inflation. With M2 data turning negative year-on-year and various leading indicators of CPI showing signs of improvement, US CPI data has been trending towards rapid decline since October. The stubbornness of wage growth will only provide a cushion for future inflation data, and current market expectations are difficult to refute. The market may enter a new round of competition after the next round of inflation data is released.
Shengsheng’s founder, Zheng Yonggang, passed away due to sudden heart disease; he led the transformation of China’s first listed apparel company - Economic Observer, a professional financial news website
On February 11, a notice was published on the WeChat public account of Suning Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Suning Holdings"), the certified entity. Suning Enterprise's founder and chairman of the board of directors of Suning Holdings, Zheng Yongqiang, passed away on February 10, 2023 due to a sudden heart attack. He was 65 years old.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of a state-owned cotton spinning factory. After being transferred, he became the director of Ningbo Yun港 Garment Factory, the predecessor of Sunsine Group, in 1989.
In December 2022, at the 20th China Business Leaders Annual Meeting and the 22nd China Business Future Stars Annual Meeting, Zheng Yonggang said that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the market share of the Sanshangyun brand had reached as high as 37%.
Suning Holdings Group (600884.SH) went public in 1996, becoming the first listed company in China's clothing industry.
At a time when its clothing business was booming, Suning Group began to transform its business model, as Zhang Yonggang realized that "once the market is opened up, Chinese brands will naturally form a tiered brand market, and it is unlikely that Suning Suit will continue to dominate and become the national suit for the Chinese people".
In 1999, Suning began to research corporate transformation. Zeng Yonggang recalls that year, “When we arrived in Shanghai, we sought advice on what kind of transformation to make. We specifically invited many experts and scholars and held a series of Zhuge Liang meetings and Taoyuan seminars. ”
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is big health with a promising future.”
After determining the strategic direction, Sunsui began to look for partners. At that time, the carbon research institute of Anshan Thermal Power Institute was working on a national 863 project, and the research funding was insufficient. Therefore, Sunsui signed a cooperation agreement with the carbon research institute of Anshan Thermal Power Institute to jointly promote the industrialization of the national 863 project “intermediate carbon microspheres”, engage in the research and development, production, and sales of negative electrode materials, and promote the commercial use of negative electrode materials in China.
In 2001, Shenshang achieved the mass production of intermetallic spherical powders, and began to replace imports with domestic production, becoming the main supplier of intermetallic spherical powders in China.
This is China’s first company to produce negative materials for lithium-ion batteries, achieving domestic production of negative materials for lithium-ion batteries.
As the application of lithium batteries rapidly spread, SUNPLAST’s lithium battery business began to develop gradually. In 2007, the lithium material business was included in SUNPLAST’s main business; the proportion of revenue from the clothing business decreased year by year until, in 2013, SUNPLAST’s revenue from lithium material business surpassed that from the clothing business altogether.
In February 2021, Sunshine Group successfully acquired the polarizer film business of LG Chemical, entering the LCD polarizer film market, and established a polarizer film company called Sunshine Glass Electronics. This field has a relatively high level of technical content, and Sunshine Group’s main competitors include global companies such as Samsung of South Korea, Sumitomo Chemical of Japan, and JDI.
Zheng Yonggang has shared his insights on post-investment management. “Chinese private enterprises acquire some high-tech companies overseas, but the success rate is relatively low. Why do these acquisitions fail?
Everyone would consider this: since I spent so much money, I have to send someone to manage it, which is a common practice,” but Zhang Yonggang was different. On the day when Sunshine Acquired Sunlight Photovoltaics, Zhang Yonggang announced in front of everyone that Sunshine, as a major shareholder of Sunlight, decided to implement a dual-system management model, where Zhang Yonggang would serve as the chairman of the board, but the people from Sunshine Enterprise would not be sent to Sunlight, and the existing distribution system, corporate culture, and management models would remain unchanged and be operated through a power of attorney.
ICC Xintong Information released its negative electrode data for 2022, showing that the negative electrodes of Shanshan exceeded 200,000 tons in shipments in 2022, with a year-on-year increase of 100%, accounting for a market share of 16%, and the shipments of artificial graphite negative electrode materials ranked first.
In terms of polarizing film business, Yano Research shows that Sunkyo Electronics, a subsidiary of the company, had a global market share of 29% in 2022, and is expected to reach a market share of 32% in 2023, maintaining its position as the global leader.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Sunshine Group’s revenue was 15.841 billion yuan and its net profit was 2.313 billion yuan. On February 10th, Sunshine Group’s share price was 19.24 yuan/share, and its total market value was 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Sunsun Holdings stated on an interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company’s activated graphite production capacity would be approximately 100,000 tons, and the graphitization production capacity of the project in Meishan was still in the process of ramping up.
According to Wind, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshui Stock.
According to Tianyancha, Zhang Yonggang holds a total stake of 40.1% in Shanshi Holdings Limited.
The CEO of Sunsun Holdings is Li Zhixia, born in 1968, and has served as Chairman of Dongguan Sunsun Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Sunsun New Materials Technology Co., Ltd., and Hunan Sunsun Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and as Deputy CEO of Ningbo Sunsun Holdings Co., Ltd.
Sunsun Holdings stated on February 10 on its investor interaction platform that there is no relationship between senior management of the company and the actual controllers of the company.
“Fund E account” has arrived: the CSRC has authorized the development of a system for the consolidation and query of all funds held by investors - Economic Observer, a professional financial news website
Chen Mei, reporter of Economic Observer: The purchase channels for funds are complicated, making it difficult to collect account information.
Always forgetting about the “petty cash”?
These problems of the grassroots will soon be resolved.
On February 10, the CSRC announced that the "Fund E account" app was available for download from various mobile app stores and was undergoing public testing.
It was explained that the "Fund E Account" provides a "one-stop" query service for public fund accounts and share information for individual investors, aiming to address the pain points of the industry, such as investors forgetting their accounts and the difficulty of querying them.
According to data from Wind, by the end of 2022, there were a total of 156 public fund management companies in China, managing fund assets worth approximately 26 trillion yuan; there were 167 institutions registered to manage public fund shares, and 411 institutions engaged in the sale of public funds.
The account systems of each registration agency are independent of each other, and there is no unified query channel for the industry.
According to industry insiders, at the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in China, meaning that half of the country’s population invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to check their purchase history through different sales institutions. With the "fund E account", investors can check their purchase history across all sales channels, providing a clear overview of their holdings.
What is the “Fund E Account” app?
According to the relevant documents, the "基金E账户" app is a mobile application developed and constructed by China Securities Co., Ltd. with approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with one-stop query services for off-exchange holdings of all public fund products in the market.
Investors can conveniently and quickly obtain information about their holdings of off-exchange shares of publicly offered fund products offered by various fund managers through their “fund E accounts”, improving the efficiency of their queries.
Specifically, the information that investors can access through “fund E account” includes information about fund accounts opened with all public fund managers, trading accounts opened with public fund distributors, and off-exchange shareholdings in products such as publicly offered securities investment funds and asset management plans managed by securities firms with no limit on the number of investors.
Liu Yicheng, the person in charge of business at Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told the reporter from Economic Observer that investors can use the "Fund E Account" app to obtain information on all their holdings of non-publicly traded mutual funds, helping them to "recover their forgotten assets". More importantly, this app allows customers to collect comprehensive information on their fund investments across all accounts, helping them to better understand their investment situation in a timely, accurate, and complete manner, and thus better optimize their fund portfolios and plan their financial arrangements.
How do I register and use it?
The reporter noticed that the “Fund E account” app has been uploaded to app stores of Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and vivo, but the app is still in a public testing phase and registration requires an invitation code, which investors can obtain by contacting the fund management company that manages their funds.
A customer service representative from a large public fund management company in Shanghai provided an 6-digit invitation code to the reporter of Economic Observer and told the reporter, “During the trial run of the APP, China Clearing House provides each fund management company with a certain number of invitation codes, which investors can obtain by calling us, and we will provide them.
After the trial run is over, users will no longer need an invitation code to register.
”
The journalist registered an account and completed a search by downloading and using the relevant documents for "fund E account" published on the official website of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. The entire process took only a few minutes and consisted of four steps: user registration, real name authentication, binding the fund account, and searching for publicly offered funds.
After completing the real name authentication process, click the “Assets” fund binding button. All fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms will appear in the binding option list (bindable accounts); after binding, you can see the total assets invested in the fund and start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the “fund E account” only provides query services for investors and cannot be used for redemption and trading.
The data displayed in the “Fund E account” is generally the data from three trading days prior to the date of the user’s query (T day).
For example, when you opened the "Fund E account" on February 10, the total assets, fund shares, and corresponding net asset values displayed on the asset page were those from three trading days prior to that date, i.e., February 7.
Copyright Notice: The above content is an original creation of Economic Observer; the copyright belongs to Economic Observer.
Without the authorization of Economic Observer, any form of republication or mirroring is strictly prohibited, and the relevant parties shall be held legally responsible.
For copyright cooperation, please call: 010-60910566, ext. 1260.
The United States, Japan, and the Philippines reach a consensus on defense against the CCP
In Asia, on February 9th, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan and met with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Both sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's infringement on the South China Sea and East China Sea. The leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement after the meeting, stating that they would conduct substantive defense exchanges through the signing of a trilateral defense agreement with the United States and oppose the CCP's hegemonic policies.
According to Japanese media reports, Kishida wants to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to address the crisis in the Taiwan Strait.
In early January, Xiaomakos visited China and signed agreements worth $20 billion.
However, after that, Sino-Filipino relations not only did not improve, but actually deteriorated.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to the US military in order to ensure security in the South China Sea.
The newly added base is located 300 kilometers from Taiwan and is the closest location to China.
If a crisis occurs in Taiwan, the US military may launch operations from its base in the Philippines.
According to Japanese media, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia, and even the Philippines have now formed an axis with the United States, constructing a "circle of resistance against the CPC" in the Western Pacific in order to promote regional cooperation.
When Xia Lianying, the Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, visited China, he conveyed the message from Song Ta that the Green Party is welcome to visit Taiwan under the 92 Consensus.
This time, the Vice Chairman of the Chinese Nationalist Party of Taiwan, Shih Li-ming, met with both the Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the Chinese government, Song Tao, and the member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, Wang Huning, during his visit to China.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor of the Kuomintang's official institution, the Guoguang Foundation, gave an interview to the Taiwanese Central News Agency yesterday evening, where he gave a positive evaluation of what Song Tao said about Xi Lianying, stating that China welcomes Green Party members who agree with the "92 Consensus" and oppose Taiwan independence to visit the mainland.
The KMT side regarded it as a new development.
The meeting between Xia Liwei and Song Tao earlier in the day was not mentioned in the news report that day.
The governing Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan has been clarifying its rejection of the “two-sides consensus” for days.
According to Central News Agency today, the delegation led by Kuomintang Vice Chairman Shi Lijun visited China and met with Wang Huning, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, Song Tao, the new director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, and Yin Li, the Secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee, during their stay in Beijing.
When Shi Liliang and Song Tao met, they discussed the political foundation of the national unification between the two sides, which is the "92 Consensus," and the anti-Taiwan independence movement. Zhao Chunshan, senior advisor of the Nationalist Party's National Government Fundation, stated during the meeting that the Nationalist Party's "92 Consensus" is the authentic "92 Consensus."
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this was different from the previous meetings he had attended.
In recent video conferences with scholars on the mainland, as well as in this latest conference, I have not heard any mention of the use of force or the "anti-secession law" by scholars studying Taiwan. Instead, what we have heard is a call for the resumption of exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the situation between the two sides was tense and dangerous, and that the mainland hoped to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the CCP and the DPP, the latter still wants to do a good job in serving the people of Taiwan, and the representatives do not want the cross-Strait relations to be ruined.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also gave instructions to Song Tao in person, saying "you must implement the requests made by them [Taiwanese farmers and fishermen]" and, if a comprehensive solution cannot be found, individual cases should be handled separately.
The report did not mention whether the KMT members mentioned the issue of Chinese military aircraft and naval vessels harassing Taiwan on a daily basis, the agricultural and fishery problems in some counties and cities in Taiwan, or whether the Central News Agency reporters asked questions about these issues during the interview.
The AFL-CIO once again mobilizes a large-scale protest against the government's retirement reform plan
On Saturday (February 11th), French labor unions launched another nationwide mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of action in the social movement against the draft reform of the government pension system.
The number of people who respond to the call for the rally may affect the next course of action for the labor groups.
This is the fourth time in a month that the eight major trade unions in France have jointly launched a nationwide mobilization, and it is the first time that the protests have been scheduled for a Saturday.
As Saturday is a day off for most French people, they do not need to choose between participating in protests or going on a strike, and the labor unions therefore hope that today's gathering will attract more people to participate.
Today, the unions of the public transportation system, subway, and public railway companies did not call for a strike, so the public transportation system should operate normally, and citizens can take the bus to the rally venue. In addition, people can travel normally during the winter break in areas where schools have started their winter break.
The trade union groups hope that more than one million people will participate in today's rally, while the police expect between 600,000 and 800,000 people nationwide, with 90,000 to 120,000 people expected to gather in the city of Paris.
Since the beginning of the protests against the government's pension reform plan, although public opinion polls show that most French people do not support measures to delay the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people actually taking to the streets to participate in the protests has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 brought together 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of protesters on Tuesday (February 7th) has dwindled to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
This pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition parties, particularly those led by the radical left, submitted countless amendment proposals, which slowed down the review process.
The debates between the two sides have also become increasingly intense and acrimonious.
A member of the radical leftist party France Insoumise recently posted a picture on social media of himself kicking a balloon with the image of the Minister of Labor, sparking protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly ultimately announced a 15-day ban on the member's parliamentary activities as punishment for this behavior.
Although this reform proposal has sparked the largest social movement in France in more than 20 years, so far the government has made only minor adjustments to the draft and has not made any major concessions.
The trade union has already prepared to take action again on Thursday next week, March 16th, and on March 7th, when the draft reform bill is sent to the Senate for discussion, the trade union also plans to organize protests.
China encourages higher birth rates and donations of sperm to universities, with high standards for quality
The sperm bank in Yunnan Province, China, issued an announcement on the 9th, inviting those with a college degree or higher or currently enrolled in college to donate sperm, and those who successfully donate 8 to 12 times will receive a subsidy of 4,500 yuan.
According to reports by Taiwanese media today, the message became a trending topic on Weibo on the same day, and prompted many provinces and cities, including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong, and Beijing, to follow suit with their own initiatives.
According to a report by Liberty Times with a byline, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
Among the universities and colleges that accept sperm donations, Beijing has the highest standards. In addition to academic qualifications, donors must also be at least 1.7 meters tall, have good facial features, no obvious hair loss, and no higher than 600 degrees of nearsightedness.
According to the report, the sperm bank in Yunnan Province stated that donors could receive a full male reproductive health examination worth 1000 yuan, “especially the examination of semen and chromosomes, which most people have never had before and is crucial for understanding their reproductive health”.
The conditions for sperm donors include a height of 165 cm or above, a college degree or higher education, no color blindness or weak eyesight, and no genetic or infectious diseases.
As reported, according to news from China's Tianmu News, the human sperm bank in Shaanxi Province has posted advertisements with the slogan "paid sperm donation is a noble act", calling on young people to donate sperm and encouraging netizens to share the message "to spread love".
The price offered by Shaanxi Province is higher than that of Yunnan; eligible individuals can receive RMB 300 in cash each time, and those who donate sperm a certain number of times can receive a subsidy of RMB 5,000.
Currently, the highest subsidy known to be offered is in Beijing, where the subsidy amounts to 5,150 yuan.
The last communist prime minister of East Germany has passed away.
The successors of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that "last night Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
Therefore, our party has lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall that had separated East Berlin from West Berlin for 28 years, Modrow stated that he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.
At that time, the leaders of the Communist Party were forced to step down due to protests by demonstrators throughout East Germany who were demanding democracy and freedom.
After coming to power in the Soviet Union, Gorbachev demanded changes in the Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free election in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results led to him stepping down as prime minister.
Despite the reforms implemented by Mobuto, his opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and reunification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for attempting to reform the secret police instead of abolishing it.
In 1993, Mordero was found guilty of electoral fraud in the municipal elections of May 1989, but did not serve time in prison.
Some have claimed that these accusations are politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament, and from 1999 to 2004, he served as a member of the European Parliament.
Modero sees himself as a reformer and hopes to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the former East Germany to be reintegrated, but said that the achievements of East Germany should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland), and received training as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a sergeant in a youth fire brigade and, as the conflict drew to a close, became a member of the Nazi militia organization Volkssturm, which conscripted men between the ages of 16 and 60 for the final struggle.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by the Soviet army and taken as a prisoner of war to the Soviet Union, where he participated in anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year when East Germany was established, he returned to his home country and found a job as a mechanic. He continued his studies in social sciences and economics and earned a doctorate degree.
Modrow was an employee of the Free German Youth movement, which almost all East German youth joined, and which during the period from 1973 to 1989 saw its members rise through the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) to become chairpersons of the party in the Dresden region.
He also served in the parliament of East Germany for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state office.
Iran marks revolution anniversary, hackers who supported protests shocked by president's televised speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official gathering on Saturday to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted a televised speech by President Ebrahim Raisi.
The president's live televised speech was interrupted on the internet for about a minute, with the screen displaying the logo of a group of anti-Iranian government hackers called "Edalat Ali" (Justice Ali).
There was also someone shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic".
According to a report by Reuters today, hackers disrupted the broadcast of national television during Iran's anniversary of the revolution.
As Iran's official commemoration of the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution took place, the hardline government in Lacey faced its boldest challenge yet from young protesters demanding their removal, but Lacey still called on "young people who have been deceived" to repent so they can receive forgiveness from Iran's highest leaders.
Protests across the country continue in Iran following the death of 22-year-old Amineh Mahsa Amini in custody of the country's morality police in September.
The deadly crackdown by Iranian security forces on protests is one of the most significant challenges faced by the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution overthrew 2,500 years of monarchy.
As part of the commemoration of the anniversary of the revolutionary amnesty, Iranian authorities released on Friday the imprisoned political dissident Farhad Meysami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelkhah, who had been on hunger strike in protest.
Earlier, the highest leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty decree that includes some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
According to human rights organization HRANA, as of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors.
The report also states that 70 government security personnel were killed.
It is believed that up to 19,763 protesters were arrested.
Iranian leaders and state media have been calling for people to vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government for weeks.
On Friday night, during the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, official media outlets showed fireworks as part of government-sponsored celebrations, and people shouted "Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!)”’’”
However, many people at the rally were also heard shouting, "Down with the dictator!"
" and the "death of the Islamic Republic" in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television stations broadcast live footage of official rallies held in various states across the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, domestic anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers, and other military equipment were showcased.
President Lesin's speeches were often interrupted by chants of "U.S.A., go to hell" - a signature chant at rallies in the state.
The crowd also shouted "Death to Israel".
Reuters notes that Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on charges of national security crimes.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she returned to prison.
Adelkhah denied these allegations.
Mesare was released a week ago after his supporters warned that he was at risk of death due to his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the mandatory wearing of headscarves.
On Friday, the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs called for Adelkhah's release and the restoration of her freedom, "including the possibility of allowing her to return to France if she so wishes."
”
Has the balloon incident opened the eyes of the United States?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a report by the Wall Street Journal today, the United States is preparing to further tighten its export of technology to China following the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials said the balloon incident highlights the national security threat posed by China and will generate more political support for strengthening U.S. technology protections.
The United States claims that the balloon carried antennas and sensors used for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior official of the US Central Intelligence Agency and current employee of the Washington think tank, the New America Security Center.
“This undoubtedly adds fuel to the fire and supports the views of the hawks in regards to China.”
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said on Thursday that "we will also consider taking more comprehensive actions to expose and respond to China's larger scale surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security as well as that of our allies and partners. "
U.S. officials said they have informed the governments of more than 30 countries about the balloon incident, and international coordination is crucial to counter the threat from China.
According to Emily Benso, a senior research fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, in addition to the actions taken by the Biden administration, the newly established Select Committee on the Strategic Competition Between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party in the U.S. House of Representatives may also put pressure on the United States to take more severe measures to slow down China's development.
She said that members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a harder stance, which could force the White House to adopt a more aggressive policy.
The Wall Street Journal states that many people who advocate for stricter export controls are also pushing for the scope of the controls to be expanded to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The U.S. government has also been developing a foreign investment review plan to examine whether U.S. investments overseas pose potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls to move more quickly on the plan.
Syria-Turkey earthquake relief efforts continue day and night
Since the strong earthquake that hit Turkey and neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked tirelessly day and night in the rubble of thousands of buildings destroyed by the earthquake to rescue survivors buried under the debris.
In the cold, they often call for silence, as they strain to hear any sign of life amid the ruins of the concrete pile.
According to a report by Reuters today, two more women were rescued from the rubble of the earthquake after surviving for several days.
However, the death toll caused by the earthquake rose to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey was 20,665, while that in Syria exceeded 3,500.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that occurred on Monday was followed by several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria. It is the seventh deadliest natural disaster of this century, surpassing the earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan in 2011 and coming close to the 31,000 fatalities caused by the earthquake that struck neighboring Iran in 2003.
A similar strong earthquake that occurred in northwestern Turkey in 1999 caused the deaths of more than 17,000 people.
Turkish authorities said on Saturday that two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years, and were rescued by emergency workers from the rubble of collapsed buildings in Turkey.
The other injured man, 55-year-old Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In the cold, rescuers often call for quiet as they strain to hear any signs of life from the rubble of the crumbling concrete.
In Samandag district of Turkey, rescuers crouched under concrete slabs, saying softly "Inshallah" (God willing) as they carefully reached into the rubble to rescue a 10-day-old baby.
He opened his eyes wide as the infant, Yagiz Ulas, was wrapped in a blanket and taken to a field hospital.
The video footage shows that the emergency responders also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale-faced on the stretcher but conscious.
Fuat Oktay, the Vice President of Turkey, told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble within the past 24 hours, and a total of 31,000 rescue workers had been deployed to the affected areas.
He said that around 80,000 people were receiving medical treatment in hospitals, while 1.05 million people had become homeless due to the earthquake and were staying in temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, the public's doubts about the response of the leaders of the two countries to the disaster have been growing.
According to Syrian official media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad visited a hospital in Aleppo with his wife Asma. It is reported that this was his first visit to the disaster area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said that its stocks in the northwestern part of Syria controlled by the rebels were running out due to the complicated rescue efforts caused by the war situation.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Adiyaman province in Turkey, where he admitted that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents have seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is seeking re-election in a vote on May 14 that could be postponed because of the disaster.
Reuters states that anger over delayed aid and rescue efforts could affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge to Erdogan's 20-year rule.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called "negative movements for political gain."
Kemal Kılıdaroglu, the leader of Turkey's main opposition party, criticized the government's response.
Critics have said, “The earthquake was severe, but what is more serious than the earthquake is the lack of coordination, planning, and incompetence.
”
As reported by VNA in Hanoi, during his visit to Brunei, on the morning of February 11, Nguyen Xuan Phuc, Prime Minister of Vietnam, and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD).
University of Brunei Darussalam is the largest center of higher education and scientific research in Brunei, and ranks third in the university rankings in the region.
The University of Brunei Darussalam is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
In July 2013, Brunei University officially established a cooperative relationship with Vietnam’s FPT University, focusing on English language training.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese, and Korean as foreign languages, the University of Brunei Darussalam has also included Vietnamese in its curriculum.
During his visit to the University of Brunei Darussalam, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Phan Van Giang, and his wife had an exchange with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Phan Minh Giang is happy that more and more foreigners are interested in learning Vietnamese, and he hopes to actively promote Vietnamese culture and local customs to the rest of the world.
Phan Thanh Binh, the Prime Minister of the government, expressed his belief that the team of Vietnamese language teachers at the University of Brunei Darussalam will become stronger and stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language classes are becoming more and more interested in the language, and are working hard to learn it fluently, so that they can become ambassadors of friendship and cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei Darussalam.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also took the opportunity to communicate with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Tien Giang City via video, to learn about their learning experience, especially during the pandemic.
According to Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, the cooperative relationship between Vietnam’s FPT University and the University of Brunei Darussalam, especially the FPT-UBD Global Centre, is a vivid symbol of the cooperative relationship between Vietnam and Brunei in education.
At the same time, the students of the center are expected to make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relationship between Vietnam and other countries.
During his discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng gave high praise for the achievements of the two countries in educational cooperation, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, as well as the initiative of the University of Brunei to include Vietnamese language in its curriculum.
Prime Minister Pranamlung Hangprai hopes that the University of Brunei Darussalam will continue to pay attention to ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the size of its Vietnamese language program.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung also highly praised the positive results achieved by the two countries in cooperation based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Educational Cooperation signed in April 2014; he recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs, such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha highly praised the establishment of the first branch campus of the University of Brunei Darussalam in Vietnam; he believes that the university will continue to grow in size both regionally and globally; and that cooperation between the university and Vietnamese higher education institutions will be further expanded.
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha and his wife took the opportunity to plant a commemorative tree in the campus of the University of Brunei Darussalam and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Prayut Wongsuwan wished that the University of Brunei Darussalam would continue to develop and make greater contributions to Brunei’s education sector, and that cooperation with educational and training institutions in Vietnam would become deeper and more extensive.
(Complete)
Vietcombank.
VNA Hanoi – According to a report by VNA’s special envoy, the official visit to Singapore and Brunei by Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and his wife has been successfully completed, achieving comprehensive, practical and concrete results.
In the three days of his visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements obtained have injected new impetus into promoting the strategic partnership and comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and Laos towards deeper, broader and more effective directions.
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Van Giang continued to reiterate Vietnam’s foreign policy of independence, diversification, and change, and its willingness to be a good friend and reliable partner to all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is in the best interests of both countries, and is aimed at promoting the well-being of their peoples and at achieving peace, stability, and development in the region and the world.
During the various meetings and conferences, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to strengthen political trust with Vietnam through means such as high-level visits, effective implementation of bilateral cooperation mechanisms, and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Partnership for a Green and Digital Economy signed with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening Comprehensive Partnership with Brunei from 2023 to 2027 are the two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnership.
Image from Vietnam News Agency
During the meetings with business leaders, the symposium, or the attendance of economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates favorable conditions for Singaporean and Bruneian businesses to expand their investment in areas such as digital transformation, green energy, high technology, and innovation and creativity in Vietnam.
This visit not only helped deepen the cooperation between Vietnam, Singapore, and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, foreign affairs, economy, security, defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also created a framework for cooperation among countries in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
The King of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah, and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter into bilateral talks.
Image from Vietnam News Agency
During the visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the Vietnamese communities living in those countries.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Manh Ha suggested that both countries' authorities pay more attention and ensure that the local Vietnamese community is treated fairly, so that they have the opportunity to contribute to local society and foster favorable conditions for the development of relations between the two countries.
Both leaders agreed to and supported this proposal.
In particular, Prime Minister Fan Mingjiang shared with the leaders of the two countries their desire for a united, peaceful, stable, and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain solidarity and collaboration with ASEAN countries and enhance the central role of ASEAN in a complex and changing regional and international context.
On the basis of the important achievements obtained, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai’s official visit to Singapore and Brunei made active contributions to the effective implementation of the foreign policy priority of the 13th National Congress of Vietnam, which is to strengthen relations with ASEAN neighboring countries, as well as to the effective implementation of Conclusion No. 12-KL/TW of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam on Vietnamese overseas affairs in the new situation. This also helped to mobilize the national unity forces.
(Complete)
What exactly was the “object” that crashed into the sky over Alaska?
It is confusing and there are many guesses.
On Friday afternoon (February 10th), the US military once again deployed its most advanced stealth fighter jet, the F-22, to shoot down an unidentified object flying in the airspace above Alaska, USA.
The location where it crashed is 10 miles away from the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the US military has shot down an aerial object.
Last Saturday, a Chinese spy balloon was shot down over the coast of South Carolina in the United States after drifting in the country's airspace for several days.
The Pentagon said that the second object, which entered US airspace for the first time on Thursday night, was tracked by the US military as it moved over the northeast of Alaska at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet). It was about the size of a small car and much smaller than the previous Chinese spy balloon that was shot down.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no evidence to suggest that the object is maneuverable.
John Cooby, strategic communications coordinator for the National Security Council at the White House, stated on Friday that although the specific nature of the object flying in the sky was unclear, it "posed a reasonable threat to the safety of civilian aircraft."
According to Kobe, this object is different from the spy balloon found in the United States, as it does not have a "payload" attached to it.
"We call it a 'thing' because that's the best description we have at the moment," said Kobe.
President Biden listened to the advice of the Pentagon before ordering the strike on the object, and he made the decision "with great care," Cobie added.
The official description of the object by the United States can be summarized as follows: it is the size of a small car, has no control sticks, no suspension system, and flies at an altitude of around 10,000 meters.
However, this information still does not answer fundamental questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is carrying out.
Currently, many analyses and speculations online suggest that it may be another Chinese balloon.
It may be the same as the spy balloon that invaded US airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, both of which were likely sent from China to carry out some sort of mission in different locations.
Some people have linked this "object" in Alaska with "unidentified flying objects" (UFOs).
A report by Newsweek cited a tweet posted on Friday by Peter Meijer, a former U.S. Congressman, saying, "I really hope that this 'unidentified flying object' is a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO."
"It is surprising that there is a hint of irony in comparing alien spacecraft with weather balloons, but this is not something that should lead to an intergalactic conflict," said Meijer.
Mejia posted this tweet shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said that it was not just Mejia who suspected that the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican representative Tim Burchett criticized the government's cover-up of information last month and demanded that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
Amazon’s customer service attitude is hard to believe.
It is unlikely that anyone is watching this, but I still want to say a few things.
This shirt was originally a long-sleeved shirt with a drawstring hood when we bought it, and it ended up being a short-sleeved shirt for me.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service, and they confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I requested a refund, and the customer service representative said they would look into it. Suddenly, the name of the product changed to “short-sleeved”, and I realized that the link I had purchased had been taken down.
The customer service then informed me that I could either keep the products and receive a certain amount of compensation, or return them.
Is this how Amazon operates?
It's truly hard to believe. The fact that the wrong clothes were sent is not my problem. As a consumer, I only asked for the product I was entitled to, and I didn't make any outrageous demands. Amazon changed the name and claimed that the product was out of stock.
This is my first long review, and I hope it won't be my last.
Sleeves that are inexplicably long.
It does feel hard, like it’s made of leather, but upon closer inspection, there are many small cracks, making it unclear whether it’s genuine leather. Moreover, the sleeves of this jacket are truly incomprehensible – the sleeves of regular jackets are usually longer than the length of the sleeve of a dress, usually around 1-2 cm, but this jacket is 5 cm longer, and the arms should naturally hang down to the position of the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this jacket cover the fingers.
It’s easy to buy clothes, and it’s easy to return them.
But when will the money be returned? I have no idea.
The workmanship of the clothes is good, but since the size was too small, I had to return them. However, it has been more than a week since I returned the clothes, and I still haven’t received a refund.
Moreover, the buyer had to contact the not-so-reliable EMS themselves, making this the worst shopping experience since buying items from Amazon!
However, the store was good and cooperated actively to speed up the delivery and refund process. But this Fullfast delivery service is really infuriating; it took about half a month to refund the money. This kind of partner is just trying to slow down Amazon; their work efficiency is poor and they have no sense of service!
More suitable for young people.
It’s a 99 Second Killer.
The workmanship, color, and texture of these underpants are all good, they are soft and not too thick or too thin, and they don’t have a gasoline smell.
Unfortunately, the style is slim fit and better suited for younger people.
3XL, flat waist circumference 2 feet 5 inches, maximum stretch 4 feet, fits someone weighing 1.79/80 kilograms, waist feels a bit tight.
It seems like there isn’t a tightening belt around my waist, and it’s quite difficult to loosen it a bit.
In addition, wearing something so tight is uncomfortable.
It’s good, but not very brightly colored.
The price just went up by more than 200 yuan, what’s going on?’’
The first time Amazon used the courier company called “Tianti Rabukuo”, the delivery person did not show up the first time; after that, they arranged delivery twice but the courier person still did not show up. As a result, Amazon refunded my money, and I strongly recommend not to use this courier company called “Tianti Rabukuo” because it has no integrity whatsoever.
This time, they also returned a hoodie that I had bought, and the price of the item increased by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon should not sell its own products like this.
It’s a good product with a great price, especially during promotions. Judging by the reviews, it’s a great product.
When I received the product, I was stunned to see that it had large areas of surface wear and damage in many other places; it was either a substandard product or a used one, as shown in the picture below.
I applied for a refund and the manufacturer said it was due to transportation after seeing the pictures, isn’t that nonsense?’’
How could there be wear and tear inside the product?
There are only two possibilities: either the product is a substandard or outdated item, or I deliberately damaged the product and then returned it.
Objectively speaking, I don’t have any evidence to prove that I didn’t damage the product, but based on my shopping history on Amazon, I think products like this shouldn’t be included in Amazon’s own products. When customers choose Amazon’s own products, they trust them; customer win, we win. The success of customers is also the success of the manufacturer, and I hope we can all work together to improve this situation. Thank you.
I’ve been using this product for less than a year and two E2s have already appeared. I don’t know how to handle this situation.
I purchased this product on July 30, 2015, but from March 2016, the two sets of LEDs on the right side of the receiver frequently turned red and blinked, indicating a problem with the transmitting module. This doesn’t seem to match the claim on the Amazon website that the transmitting module can work for 7 years. I also couldn’t find any information about after-sales service on the Amazon website. I’m not sure what to do.
Not bad.
The first purchase was a bad one.
It doesn’t feel new.
The labels on the box were torn off, and the labels on the machine were damaged.
And it keeps freezing.
After the change, everything was fine.
Changing lenses is quite quick, and it gets a bit blurry at night and the field of view isn't very wide, but it's perfectly adequate for everyday use.
The only downside is that I didn’t get a case with it, I bought it myself, and I’ve also bought a phone from Amazon before.
There is a sticker on the packaging to prevent it from being opened, but there wasn't one this time. When I bought the phone, there was a sticker similar to this one that could be attached to the warranty card, but it wasn't there this time.
I am confused as to whether the price has gone down or not. I am not sure.
Waiting for the supplier to respond.
The packaging had no markings on it, so I called the supplier and said that the lack of markings indicated that it was genuine. If they had any doubts, they could mail me the package using the scraps and I would check it at Johnson & Johnson. They also left their license plate number and phone number, and promised to send me a text message to input my information into Johnson & Johnson's warranty card. But I still haven't received any text message.
I received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
This is my second purchase.
I am quite comfortable with Amazon’s self-produced products.
The mechanic who changed the oil said that the oil was clear and that it was good oil.
This was my second purchase.
So I am still quite reassured.
The delivery was fast, the package was not damaged, and after using this oil, the engine noise was significantly reduced.
It offers good value for money, and it’s hard to find synthetic engine oil for less than 200.
Support Star Crown and support winning the game, effectively protecting your car.
In Japan, Amazon suffered a serious loss of customer trust due to problems with its customer service (shipping a 8cm pill bug as an 8c pill bug) (8c = 14cm, 8cm = 2c).
They admitted their mistake, but kept making excuses and insisted that the goods were third-party goods and could not be held responsible for them.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
I originally purchased a page size of 7cm, 8cm, and 9cm. I thought this was a trap at the time, so I called the Chinese customer service of Dx and clearly stated that 8cm was 8cm. However, when the product arrived in China, I found that it was only 8cm. I think this was a deliberate trap set up to deceive Chinese customers (according to Amazon’s after-sales service). Now, this option is no longer available on the page.
Chinese customer service representative: I’m sorry for causing you losses; we can offer you two options:
1. If you return the item, the buyer will bear all the shipping costs.
2. If you do not want to return the item, we will compensate you with 1,000 yen.
(I calculated that the shoes cost more than 4,000 yen, which is equivalent to 200 RMB, and since I chose option 1, I don’t have any shoes and the loss is 200 yuan.
Option 2: I had shoes, and they compensated me 2,000 yen in the end. The final loss was 150 RMB. Customer service representative: We have recorded it, and we will handle it seriously. The next day, they sent me an email saying that I did not accept the mediation by Chinese customer service, and that was the end of it.
I said: when the options for purchase include confusing choices such as 7c, 8c, and 9c, the Chinese customer service representative helped me understand that Japanese common codes do not include c, like 140, but did you check other pages for moths?
There are cases where both American and Japanese codes are used in a mixed manner.
Furthermore, why did you put the 8cm size in between the 7c and 9c sizes, when it is the smallest size, what is the point of putting it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide services in Chinese, but we don’t know if you want to ship it back to your country, so we won’t cover the shipping costs.
I don’t understand this logic anymore. I am Japanese and I need to contact a Chinese customer service representative. Chinese living in Japan don’t need Chinese customer service, and tourists visiting Japan don’t have the time to make international calls, so the question arises: who needs to call the Chinese customer service line for Amazon Global Store, unless they are like me and shop on Amazon Japan?
Doesn’t Amazon’s Chinese customer service make it easier for those who engage in overseas shopping?
I am not very satisfied with this purchase.
This is the second time I’ve purchased Bambix diapers from Amazon. I had purchased a box of them two months ago for my baby. I chose the diapers made of imported European paper. The first time I used them, I was quite satisfied. My baby used just one diaper throughout the night, and they truly can last for 12 hours without needing to be changed.
However, this time when I bought L brand diapers, I found that two packages were packaged separately in one box, and when I opened them, I found that the paper felt more flimsy than the imported Cao Baozi diapers. After using them on my baby, I found that they were still acceptable, and my baby did not wet herself or develop any rashes.
However, when the second pack of diapers was used, red rashes appeared on the inside of the baby’s thighs immediately, and they have not faded away yet.
I doubt the quality of the two packets in one box. They are not the same.
I won’t be purchasing from them again!’
Wish to emphasize the protection of the transportation of the package.
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have ever seen for an online purchase. There were absolutely no protective measures taken, and there was no cushioning foam or packing material of any kind.
It's just a deformed box.
Moreover, the plastic boxes inside were packaged in hard cardboard boxes that were crushed and deformed.
I hope this is the real thing and the quality is guaranteed, so that I won’t be afraid to buy things from Amazon in the future.
I would rather pay a 50% premium and have some guarantees.
Moreover, the issue of packaging for consumer goods has been commented on as far back as 2016, and it still hasn’t changed.
This indicates that Amazon does not place much importance on customer feedback, which is a world apart from the likes of JD and Tmall in China.
It was beautiful, but a bit disappointing.
I really like the color of the entire cup, which is a bright orange color. Even though my family has a boy, I still think that orange and yellow look great together.
It's smaller than I imagined, but since it was meant to be taken out of the house, it's still acceptable.
Last night, I tried it at home and found that the distance between the straw and the lid is too small after the lid is opened. Since the straw is positioned vertically, my son always has to hold the bump on the lid while drinking, so I wonder if this part can be improved.
It seems that the straw cups from other brands are designed with an inclined straw for a reason; when it comes to children’s products, safety and comfort really do matter.
Lightweight and high capacity.
I like that it is lightweight and has a large opening, but the two separate compartments seem a bit excessive to me; I’m not sure what to put in them.
After I finished shopping, I found a similar product from a different brand on Meituan for less than 200 yuan.
Fake goods are particularly bad.
I was fooled by Amazon’s sale of counterfeit goods.
The customer service representative said that since it was used, it cannot be returned, and I don’t know if it’s fake because I haven’t used it.
It hurts because of trust; after all, it’s a product for makeup, so you should really go to a physical store and pay a little more.
Because it was a flash sale, I didn't read the comments, and I have already reported the e-commerce platform to the State Administration for Market Regulation. Let's fight for our rights together.
Is it broken?
Fake goods?
In short, a tragedy.
The second patch was chosen because it had fine pores, but it had a strange smell as soon as it was opened, so I thought it was normal because I had never used this product before. When I put it on my face, I couldn’t stand it anymore – it had a really strong smell that was indescribable, and I started coughing immediately. My eyes also hurt, and tears came out – I took it off right away to wash my face.
I tried another copycat product and it doesn't have such a strong smell anymore, and I am currently using it.
It reminds me a bit of the smell of low-quality hair dye in a salon.
It’s hard to imagine that skincare products sold by Amazon itself will have to be avoided from now on.
You traitors!
At the time of purchase, the promotional page stated that orders over 99 yuan would receive a copy of the “Three-Body Problem” series as a gift. However, the product did not come with this gift. When I called customer service, they asked me to show them the screenshot of the promotional page at the time of purchase. The problem is that who saves web page screenshots? You yourself did this promotion, so you should have the screenshot. Buyers, be careful next time and save your evidence.
Using after-feelings.
This was my first time buying things from Amazon, and I have a few impressions. First, when the product was used up, I didn’t feel any pain or irritation. It was all good. I waited for about 8 minutes and it was done. There was a small amount of hair on it, but it wasn’t noticeable at first glance. Overall, it was good. I will continue to use it and see how it goes.
Anyway, I think this product is really good.
I placed an order on the 27th and received the package on the 12th, which was a total of 15 days or half a month. The delivery personnel from Amazon were also very polite.
Thirdly, don’t believe anything Amazon says about Black Friday deals. If you place an order on a Friday, you’ll get a discount of nearly 12 dollars after two days. That is, if you buy something for more than 170 dollars (including shipping and other fees), which feels like they are raising prices for promotions.
The customer service representative said that prices fluctuate, but after monitoring for more than 10 days, the prices remained relatively stable. There was not much fluctuation.
Affordable price, made in Japan with Chinese labels, comes with granules, and we will definitely buy it again!
The toothpaste with grains in it feels refreshing and leaves your teeth feeling smooth. It's much better than some other brands. They claim that it's imported, but many of the products don't have Chinese labels, so I'm not sure where they're sourced from.
From now on, I will never buy secondhand items again as long as Amazon has them.
Here’s a suggestion: sometimes the order confirmation doesn’t show up on the Amazon app. I hope you can improve the app, and it will get better and better!
Over the years, Excellent has gotten worse and worse, with no quality of service to speak of!
Garbage Excellent does not take into account the needs of its customers and only delivers orders between 19:00 and 22:00.
Since there are elderly people in the family who are unable to get out of bed after surgery, the post office can only accept deliveries in the evening.
To my surprise, they arrived at my doorstep at noon without any prior notice.
If the delivery time is up to your discretion and you can deliver it whenever you want, why bother to set a specific time for customers to choose from?
If your logistics system cannot guarantee service, then you should not even bother being an e-commerce company!
A senior citizen with three wounds on his body had to get out of bed to open the door for the delivery person, and then pay with spare change!
The order form even has a contact phone number!
No one even called to offer an explanation!
The so-called complaint customer service at Zhuzhou is staffed by people from outside who pretend to help you and give you a so-called response to your complaint.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I had encountered similar problems with delivery times before and just put up with it, but this time I couldn’t take it anymore; it was too much!
The new book I bought had the front and back covers reversed after it arrived, and I can’t help but wonder if this is a quality issue that I just closed my eyes and sent to the customer?
Even if you leave a negative comment, no one will contact you.
Over the years, Excellent has gotten worse and worse, with no quality of service to speak of!
I will no longer spend a penny on Excellence.
The image quality is simply unacceptable.
As a title such as “Ancient Map Collection”, this book is simply unacceptable in terms of the selection of images, layout, and printing; some images are even pixelated, making them unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, and even if it only contains small illustrations, it should not be a disappointment compared to the voluminous ancient Chinese texts listed in the table of contents!
(Moreover, many images can be obtained from relevant industry resources in high-quality original format)—what difference does it make to compile books using such images instead of using images?
I regret this kind of academic spirit.
As for the writing, I will not offer an opinion; each family has its own preferences.
Overall rating: 2 stars.
When I was in Grade 2, I picked up this book out of boredom and thought to myself that I probably wouldn’t get addicted to it since web novels were not really my thing before.
And then... he fell into a hole.
Based on the plot, the entire book is relatively lighthearted. When Jia San was still playing online games, even when the different guilds were engaging in intrigue against each other, it wasn’t taken too seriously because of the presence of Ye Xian’er.
As for the part about the competition itself, it conveys a sense of bitterness (perhaps due to my overly sentimental nature) about the passing of time and the changing of the guard.
Reading the entire book took up a lot of my study time in Grade 2, but I just couldn't put it down.
The detailed descriptions of characters and their relationships are truly impressive. Even characters that appear only briefly can leave a deep impression on readers. Characters such as Ye Zhuang Huang Xiaotian Su Moqiong, who are given extensive descriptions, have a large number of fans, while characters such as Jiang Bo Tao and Chu Yunxiao, who are not the focus of the story, are also very likable. In a novel about e-sports, it is truly remarkable that not a single character is utterly detestable – this is the result of the author’s success in character descriptions.
In terms of romance, the full-time writers don’t have the problem of the thousand-plus beauties in the harem being either all beautiful or all corrupt, as commonly seen in web novels; everyone in the novel has a common interest in the game Honor, and most of them want a legitimate victory.
The little conspiracies are there, but they don't amount to much, and everyone seems so simple and adorable.
This may also be why there aren't any particularly unlikable characters in the full-time cast.
The large number of full-time IPs is also due to this factor.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online literature, Full-Time Job is a good book.
He really does provide some excitement and a little bit of inspiration.
In April of this year, I decided to devote myself entirely to animation.
I had wanted to buy this set of books for a long time, but I never had enough money to buy them all at once. Then, when I finally decided to buy them, I found that they were all counterfeit on TB, but recently another version was released. I really like the cover of the new version, but I still plan to buy the older version first, so I bought the whole set on Amazon.
Next, I will briefly describe the situation with the goods.
● The fourth book is not shrink-wrapped, but it is new.
● The 17th book was sealed but was opened; the texture of the book feels strange and not hard.
· Like the 23rd and 17th volumes, but harder and much more worn.
●The publishers of a few books seem to be different, for example, the 23rd and 17th books appear to be from the same publisher, but different from the others.
Overall, I am satisfied; it’s a large box containing 24 books, which is very satisfying.
The little lion in despair.
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as Lost City of Z, but there’s actually a lot of text!
I read it three times before finally finishing the book to the children, which is about a little lion who knows how to shoot a gun and loves fruit juice and candy.
When the scene of the lion eating the hunter appeared, I felt a little uncomfortable; modern city dwellers find it hard to accept such an arrangement where animals eat humans.
In the end, this little lion that succeeded in human society lost itself, and it was no longer entirely a lion or entirely human.
Finally, only the back of the little lion is visible, and it is not clear where he has gone.
It’s possible that the image of this little lion will remain in the minds of the grown-up children for many years to come, and will be recalled by chance one day, perhaps touching or inspiring them.
A collection of works with great value for money.
1. I didn’t know about TASCHEN before, but I’ve bought a lot of their books recently because they are so impressive, both in terms of their selection of topics and the quality of their publications.
This work has been released in three versions, the largest of which is almost 50 cm long and 34 cm wide, just like the complete works of Leonardo da Vinci; the medium-sized version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this version is the smallest, and comes with a bookcase to hold the two volumes.
I personally think it is acceptable. Firstly, the price is affordable and the book is divided into two volumes of over 700 pages, making it easier to read; secondly, it is different from the complete works of Michelangelo, where the majority of the book is filled with paintings, while the black and white manuscripts of Da Vinci take up most of the pages. For readers with limited budgets and who are not art majors, this version is the best option in terms of value for money for appreciating the paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanations for the paintings are great, including composition analysis, analysis of sketches, and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I’m not sure if the prints or the book are to blame for the fact that some parts are too dark and it’s hard to see the details, which is a bit unfortunate.
Compared to Michelangelo's manuscripts, those of Da Vinci are much more extensive.
The former is already a genius, and the latter’s broad range of interests and achievements are not enough to describe him as a genius.
If you only looked at Da Vinci's paintings before, you would only be able to appreciate half of him. After seeing his manuscripts, you will be completely at a loss for words.
Garbage, whoever buys it will regret it!
I never leave bad reviews, but this product is truly garbage and a waste of money. Give me a reason!
1. Do not change the date and time of departure; otherwise, it will be reset to January 1st and the time will be reset to zero.
2. The poor quality straps are not made of silicone, and wearing them caused me to have an allergic reaction and hives on my wrist.
3. I often can't connect to my phone.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. Sleep detection is not displayed, and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Other matters.
The delivery is too slow.
The item was supposed to be delivered on October 16th, but I only received it on October 21st. I give this a negative review!
The delivery is too bad, and it takes a long time to receive items from Amazon, I never expected it to be this slow!
Overall satisfied.
At first, I was worried about the packaging of the camera, but this time it was fine and there was an inflatable packaging inside. The camera was in perfect condition and I was able to register it on the official website. The shutter speed was 0, so we’ll just have to wait and see how it performs.
The delivery speed is also quite fast. Here, I would like to complain about the delivery person who put valuable items in the lobby and left quickly, making it impossible for me to inspect the package in front of him. I really can’t say anything about this.
The merchant thought of the customer before shipping the products:)
The merchants are quite responsible and they specifically called to ask about the screen size of the camera being used, truly thinking about their customers.
The delivery speed is also fast.
The diamond-coated film is also quite suitable and effective.
Battery not fully charged.
The machine is indeed good, I was wondering why it can’t be fully charged after the first charge; the charging indicator light has been red the whole time.
Currently, there is no official feedback channel for Amazon, so feedback can only be provided in the product reviews.
On March 29, the book was purchased for 31 yuan through pre-ordering, and it was shown that it would be sent to the device on March 31. At this time, it was not possible to preview the book on the Amazon website (because it had not yet been published);
The book pushed to devices on March 31 was blank, with only the message "Thank you for your patience," and the electronic version of the book on Amazon was priced at 18 yuan;
I have been trying repeatedly for the past two days to delete the blank book that was downloaded onto my device and then sync it again, but I am still unable to access the electronic version of "The Nature of Business" with the actual content. However, I can see that Amazon's website allows for previews of the book.
At present, I have a few thoughts.
The issue of price is not the most important one. The key is how to replace the blank books on your Kindle with books that have actual content, rather than always having to download “coming soon” books.
2. It is unlikely that you will be able to purchase the pre-ordered book again, because if you decide to cancel your order, downloading a book with empty content will be a very complicated process;
3. I hope Amazon provides a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When there are doubts about the download or use of e-books, there should be a place to provide feedback (such as a ticketing system or online customer service, which can be learned from Microsoft’s official store).
I am not really recommending reading it.
I read it a long time ago, so I'll write a review based on my memory.
This book can be more accurately described as a collection of fragments of life stories about love, rather than a collection of short stories.
The tone of the book is extremely mundane, like plain water; the choice of words and phrases is perfect for minimalism; the plot is as quiet and uneventful as a summer afternoon street.
Each short story is a reflection of a small segment of ordinary life, without a beginning or an ending.
They were finally collected and published under the title "When We Talk About Love, What Are We Really Talking About?"
I think this collection of short stories, and its title, are a form of performance art. The author wants to express that love is not just the ups and downs of a play, not just a cliché of urban legends, not just a love that is as strong as glue, but also that love is not something that should be represented by the above, but also love is the mundane and dull routine of everyday life, the lack of direction in life, and the avoidance of reality, as well as the uncertainty of the future.
As you read this book, you may recall the quarrelling couples around you, the unfulfilling marriages of people you know, and the unsatisfactory relationships.
This is precisely why I do not recommend reading it. From an aesthetic perspective, the writing style and plot of the book are both lackluster, unless your life is filled with turmoil or you live in a candy castle, in which case you will feel indifferent and bored while reading it.
In terms of depth of thought, the daily events do not offer anything particularly striking or expansive of one's mindset and vision (unlike in Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera), and the brief segments do not explore any issues, such as what kind of mistakes led to the failure of the love story.
What are the reasons behind the breakdown of the protagonists' marriages?
So I don't recommend reading this book, whether you read it or not won't make much of a difference.
The author's ideas are expressed more through techniques and forms rather than story plots, which is also a reason why the reading experience of this book is not that great.
It is suitable for quick reading and not suitable for close examination.
The book is well-structured, but the content is not very comprehensive.
While it explains what sales theories are and why they are important, it is weak in terms of how to do it, merely pointing out the direction without providing specific methods.
Furthermore, the book feels like it was pieced together.
The examples include both domestic and foreign figures; they include well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople as well as people who are not well-known.
I am not sure if these stories were compiled as examples; if some cases experienced by the authors were included, they would be more convincing.
The terms "customer" and "client" are used interchangeably.
The title still refers to customers, but in the content it refers to clients.
The e-book also contained errors such as misspelled words, missing punctuation marks, and incorrect numbering.
In short, this book is a good choice for beginners who want to learn the theory, but it may not be very helpful for people who are already working in sales and want to improve their sales performance.
A quick introduction to the reading materials on Internet finance
This book is quite basic and can be considered an introductory course. It can help readers quickly understand the overall picture of Internet finance, but if you want to learn more, you need to study on your own.
Moreover, this book was written earlier, and the content about the subsidy war between Alipay and WeChat that helped cultivate user habits has not been mentioned. Today, the market share of third-party payment services is probably not as small as it was when the book was written.
Nowadays, many people go out to eat while carrying their mobile phones, and merchants have stopped accepting UnionPay due to the high bank transaction volume.
However, I am very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It is evident that the author has at least several years of experience in financial observation and is very familiar with the history of financial development in both China and abroad, which is why the content is so easy to understand.
It’s easy to write something that sounds grandiose, but the challenge is to write something that is easy to understand.
I appreciate you and want you to know it!
The first factor that determines an individual's level of job satisfaction is not the level of their salary, but rather whether they feel valued and appreciated in their work.
According to Maslow’s hierarchy of needs theory, after a person’s basic survival needs are met, the most pressing need is the need for psychological fulfillment – the desire to be understood, validated, and appreciated.
It’s true that for most Chinese people, it’s “hard to express your love with your mouth”, even if they harbor love, gratitude, and admiration, they won’t say it out loud.
In this book, the author discusses five types of appreciative language: positive words, thoughtful gestures, acts of service, heartfelt gifts, and physical touch.
I don’t think it’s important to know exactly what the five languages of appreciation are, but rather to be able to express genuine appreciation and gratitude towards the people around you, whether they be family members, friends, or coworkers, at any time and in any place.
In fact, the people closest to us need our appreciation and gratitude the most, and this is what will make our lives more beautiful.
By learning to appreciate their employees, companies can to some extent retain their talent and reduce the rate of resignations.
Thank you to the translators for bringing us the wonderful ideas and worldviews from abroad.
Due to differences in cultural backgrounds between East and West, among other reasons, there may be some differences in language; if given the opportunity, readers may gain more by reading the original version.
Thank you again to the authors, translators, and editors for their hard work!
It is suspected to be a low-quality product, and Amazon should conduct a strict review.
The quality is terrible, the packaging is flimsy, it has no weight and is even worse than products sold at roadside stalls; it has no weight and no barcode, and the packaging of 10 bags is flimsy; it is not a qualified product at all; this is the worst shopping experience on Amazon and I have applied for a refund; it is a clear case of quality issues; I recommend that the seller pay attention to the quality of their products and refuse to sell low-quality goods; additionally, I bought a pack of heart-shaped stamps, priced at 23 yuan at the supermarket, and after taking a few pictures for comparison, I confirmed that this product is of poor quality; in order to provide consumers with clearer information and avoid economic losses and further disappointment, I am sharing these pictures here.
Once again, we hope that Amazon can be meticulous and ensure the quality of its products from the source.
The hastily produced products fall short of expectations.
Advantages:
1. Big brands with affordable prices.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are both from PANASONIC, and they work well enough, but they fall short of my expectations.
Disadvantages:
1. The charger has no indicator light, which means you don’t even have a basic power indicator. Customers who buy a product for 300 yuan are probably seen as charity cases by Panasonic, with no regard for their customers.
2. Strong odor. Even when charging for just 10 minutes, a strong odor of burning plastic can be detected.
The office was tested for one day, and the entire room had a plastic smell.
Compared to the Philips PHILIPS I have used before at the same price point, although this Panasonic product has an extra blade, the quality is really poor.
Small packaging.
When I received the package, I saw that it was labeled as the e-commerce version. It was indeed smaller than the one I bought at a supermarket; it should be size M. The packaging was different from the one shown in the product description; this must be the new version.
The three stars are a reflection of my own carelessness in not having noticed the specifications of the product. I have no problem with you selling me a M-size version for online shopping, but what does it mean that the version I received is not the right one?
E-commerce tricks are too much, so I still go to the supermarket to buy things.
It's just Sauce Purple.
I don't like the taste.
The child doesn’t like the taste of toothpaste and always says it’s spicy. Perhaps a different word would be more appropriate, but for now that’s the only word in the child’s vocabulary.
I bought it when I organized the event and it was very cheap, so I feel a bit embarrassed to give it a bad review; I’ll give it four stars, but I won’t be buying it again.
It’s authentic and well-packaged.
The packaging is complete and it comes with an inflatable bag. There are no online reviews except for a photo of the product.
The plastic film on the outside of the bottle was just like the one described in the picture, and the delivery was very fast - it arrived the day after I ordered it.
It is genuine, but there is no stock available, and I don’t know when it will be restocked.
A terrible shopping experience.
I placed an order on “Black Friday” but the package never arrived even though it had been signed for. After checking, I found out that the package had been signed for a long time ago. None of my colleagues had signed for it. I immediately contacted the delivery company, but they said I had to contact the sender to initiate an inquiry. I contacted Amazon customer service and had to wait for more than ten days. Finally, I found out that the package had been delivered to the wrong person. After several rounds of communication, I finally got the package back, but the outer package was already opened and the product was still in good condition, but I don’t know if it had been used before. Overall, it was a very frustrating experience.
Incorrect captioning.
I thought I would receive earphones like the ones in Picture 1, but instead I received ones like the ones in Picture 2. It’s okay that the pictures don’t match, but what does it mean that the left and right earphones have different volume levels?’
Although the names are all the same, we still hope that everyone can pay attention and we also ask the representatives of Amazon to replace the correct images in a timely manner, thank you very much.
The operating system is generally fine.
It took a while, but overall the picture quality is still good and there is no noticeable difference. However, this system is quite frustrating; the boot time is noticeably slow and it is difficult to make good settings. The software that comes with it is not worth mentioning; its response speed is simply not up to par compared to what my colleagues have.
People say that the design is very human-friendly, but I can’t find anything human-friendly about it; the position of the remote control’s common buttons (up, down, left, right, and return) is simply not to be praised.
So, you can use it as a TV, with the addition of a TV box, for example.
The price cut is too drastic.
The price drop is too significant, from over 100 yuan to just 99 yuan now!
Amazon had a lot of unreviewed orders, so I used a copy of the same comment for all of them.
If I were to rate this product based on this statement, I would give it at least 85 points.
On the other hand, I would never be lazy enough to copy and paste reviews for a poor product; this would influence other consumers when making purchases and would encourage merchants to improve the quality of their products.
Cheap and good internet connection is enough for me! I don’t want to get a fever!
This cheap cable should meet the HDMI certification standards. Compared with the overpriced crap sold in China’s Akihabara, this cable is sturdy and soft, and has a transmission distance of 7 meters without any noise. From now on, I’ll only choose Besee cables!
The products are fine, but Amazon’s after-sales service is really much worse than other websites.
After placing the order, I realized I made a mistake, but I couldn’t cancel the order. The webpage to contact online customer service always displayed an incorrect link, and I couldn’t get through to them.
After the delivery person called me to ask if I wanted the package, I told them I didn't want it anymore and tried to cancel the order, but they didn't cancel it and just took it back, telling me to apply for a refund.
When applying for a refund, they informed me that food items cannot be returned once they have been signed for, and I couldn’t call Amazon customer service for help; they gave me the same response: items cannot be returned once they have been signed for.
I have bought items that cannot be returned due to policy reasons before, including milk and diapers, from both JD and Sunning, and I was able to get a refund after contacting customer service. Even with the diapers from JD, which smelled bad when opened, I was able to get a refund after contacting customer service, but this is not possible with Amazon.
The rules are dead; people are alive. How should we contact your customer service department to handle this?
Tell me whether I should buy it myself or have the delivery person buy it for me; it’s not easy for the delivery person to do this in the first place, so why should I make them spend money on something that I didn’t buy myself?
Okay, I won’t leave either. I’ll pay for it myself, but I have to give your service a 1 out of 5.
I advise you not to waste your money.
At first, I was excited to buy it, thinking that the products from the Dali brand would be great. After receiving it, I thought the packaging was nice, and the size was good too. However, almost all of the products in one box were soft, and it was hard to tell from the outside. I had to use my hands to feel it, and when I put it in my mouth, there was no taste at all. It was tasteless and had no flavor. When I bit into it, the flesh was yellowish, indicating that it was spoiled. The seller was selling it as good or bad quality, and I could only eat about one third of it. I strongly advise you not to buy it, as it is not only expensive but also of very poor quality!
After this experience, I will never buy fruit from an e-commerce platform again! After getting burned once, I’ve learned my lesson.
Where are the anti-counterfeiting marks on the product?
The corner of the bottle is deeply indented, which suggests it has experienced a strong impact. Judging from the outer packaging, the level of damage is heart-wrenching. After all, the packaging is too simple for food products, and it is also from International Purchase. There are no obvious anti-counterfeiting marks, and it is very easy to open the bottle. Most importantly, the layer of honey inside the bottle is directly coming out, with almost no stickiness. Is this how foreign products are made?
As someone born in China, I am a bit confused.
It must be the real thing, right?
There was also a message indicating that it would be delivered on the 21st, but I received it on the 14th. This is my first time making an overseas purchase here, and I just wanted to write down my doubts. Maybe this is all normal?
The delivery service needs improvement.
I bought a total of 5 vouchers, and when I made my first appointment to pick them up, only 2 were delivered. After communicating with the company, we confirmed that 3 were lost and that they would be resent; for my second appointment, I happened to choose a day when the office was closed, and neither the website nor the WeChat account informed me that I needed to make an appointment on a weekday. This caused unnecessary panic, and I suggest that they improve this in the future.
Great shopping.
The feedback has been positive!
I still trust Amazon’s self-produced products more, and now that overseas purchases are so convenient, it only takes a few more days to receive items from overseas than it does domestically. I have to say that Amazon’s ability to clear customs for overseas purchases is quite strong, much faster than using a transit service, so now I buy many things from overseas on Amazon.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be improved. Many things are made in China, but they are cheaper if you buy them after going abroad and buying them there. I hope this can be improved.
Garbage.
When you see a package like this, do you think it looks like garbage on the side of the road?
A packaging made of easily breakable plastic comes from so-called Germany in a plastic bag - is this type of packaging responsible?
I think packaging like this is a waste of resources. The product comes in a very basic package with no measures to prevent damage; it’s just a simple plastic bag. When I received it, the package was completely deformed, and the items inside were damaged as well.
If it were just one like this, I would have bought it, but I bought a few that were like this, contacted Amazon customer service, and they said I could return them, but I would have to pay for the shipping costs upfront, and then the shipping costs would be refunded to me in the form of a gift card.
I asked if I could get a gift card in return for paying the shipping fee with cash, and they told me that if I wanted to get a gift card, I would have to buy it from them directly. They also wanted me to ship the product to a warehouse in Germany myself, which seems like buying a product and being punished for it!
I kept telling the customer service that it was their responsibility for the problem, but they wouldn’t even admit it was their responsibility; they didn’t dare take responsibility even a little bit. What kind of after-sales service is this? One word: shameful! But I guess Amazon won’t give me a chance to publish this review; they will just delete it directly.
Quality is good (5 stars), but the logistics is poor.
1, the quality is good, it’s a bargain, the price is reasonable, and it lives up to its price;
2. It is sturdy, made of high-quality materials, the welding points are solid, the surface treatment is appropriate, and the color is excellent.
3. Logistics is a problem; the order placed on the 3rd arrived on the 11th.
If Amazon had not marked the estimated arrival date as February 7, I might have been satisfied.
5, but if the expected arrival time is specified, it amounts to a promise made to the user, and it can be very frustrating for the user when the promise cannot be kept.
6. If you are not sure you can keep your promise, don’t make one.
7. In fact, I really care about the commitments made by merchants.
8. That's why I got a low score.
The gold wire will turn black.
The effect is there, but whether it is noticeable or not depends on the individual, or rather, on the psychological impact.
There is one downside: the gold lines. At first glance, they look great, but in reality, the gold coating will come off and get onto your hands and the car if you handle it a few times.
I hope the product can be improved.
The square ones don’t have any decorative effect either, so there’s no need to use gold wire; they’ll just get dirty on the car when they fall off.
The items are in good condition and arrived quickly, and they were shipped in two different packages.
It only took 8 days, but the package arrived in two separate packages; they were packaged differently, and it was obvious that one was better protected against shocks than the other. The former was packed with thick cardboard and covered in layers of plastic, and the outer packaging was easy to remove; it looked like a domestic delivery box. It seemed like they had just thrown in a few airbags to make up for the poor protection.
Yarran mattresses are really good.
The mattress of 34 cm is not particularly thick, so you don’t need to sleep directly on the mattress.
The quality is great, both the front and back sides are soft, making it very comfortable to sleep on; I fell asleep almost immediately after lying down on it.
After receiving the mattress, I found that it had two stains due to violent transportation by the courier service. The customer service at Yalan was responsible and efficient in resolving the issue.
It’s not a self-branded product, Amazon is shameless.
The page clearly indicates that the products are self-sold, but in fact they are delivered by suppliers and after-sales service is provided by the suppliers; if there are any problems, customers should contact the supplier directly.
If you want to cancel the order, sorry but the order information has been transmitted to the supplier and cannot be canceled; if you want to return or exchange the product, after successfully applying for a return or exchange on Amazon, sorry but no one can help you, and you need to contact the supplier yourself to initiate the return.
This nima is self-produced.
The products were not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon would not take responsibility for after-sales service. The customer service even said “I will help you contact the supplier”, and claimed that it was a self-owned business, which is too shameless; they are blatantly disrespectful and deceiving consumers!
The experience of being sad.
Previously, when I bought filters from other websites, the filtering effect was good and I didn’t have any limescale even after using them for two or three days after the 28-day period was up.
I always buy good quality products from Amazon, so this time I decided to buy them here. This was the first time I bought a filter on Amazon, and I was disappointed with the quality. Not only did it start to develop limescale early on, but there was also a suspension of black carbon powder on the filter even after 28 days of use. I was unsure whether to continue using it or just throw it away, and I was really frustrated about it.
It wasn't as good as I imagined.
Compared to the other adapter boards I have used in the past, the workmanship is average; I can’t say for sure about the inside without taking it apart, but I hope it is as described by the seller. In terms of convenience of use, it would be nice if each individual unit had a power indicator.
The packaging was damaged, so I had to wait to test the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is severely damaged, while the packaging box inside appears to be new. However, the manual does not seem to be new. The renovation was completed in September, and the products were stored; hopefully they will not be faulty. Please explain to me why several customers have mentioned that the packaging is damaged, yet you were able to sell them without any issues. Thank you!
Overall good, with a few minor issues.
When I bought a water filter for the first time, after reading several reviews, I felt that LAICA had a good price-performance ratio, so I chose it. After receiving the product and following the instructions to install the filter cartridge, I tried it out and found that it was generally good, but when pouring water, the original water seemed to mix with the filtered water from the spout (the seal of the original water tank was not very tight).
When using it, make sure to wait until all the water has been filtered out before pouring it out!
Image is incomplete.
The photo didn’t capture the details of the side view, and the side view details were inconsistent with the main body, with significant differences; this is one issue. This bead is made in Thailand, but there is no indication of the place of origin; this is issue two. There is no indication of the material; this is issue three. When I bought it in the UK, each item came with its own box, but here there is only a simple plastic bag, and there are no product marks on the beads, so I have no way of knowing if they are genuine or fake.
Be careful when making purchases, especially when buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service is terrible.
I placed an order two days ago and found that the price had dropped by 40 yuan when I received the order today. It took me a long time to find a customer service representative, who said that they couldn’t refund the difference and that I could place a new order and return the item.
This kind of customer experience and service is truly miles apart from that of Taobao.com.
Not bad, for a beginner it’s worth trying out.
It’s worth the price; it’s not comparable to the top-quality diamonds, which cost several hundred dollars at the mall; this is my first time playing with diamonds, and I think it’s okay.
It's good stuff.
The items are really good. For my girlfriend, it was a bit of an inconvenience that the package wasn’t delivered during lunchtime because the courier company simply stored the package in the depot and didn’t send me a confirmation message that the package had been delivered; I had to go pick it up twice.
However, the baby is really good.
Worth the purchase.
The little monkey is cute, and Amazon offers great discounts. Zhourenren’s official website directly ships the products, and I placed an order last night and received them this afternoon, which is really fast.
The postal and delivery workers are also responsible.
Bravo!
A customer's confession
After receiving such substandard products, Amazon customer service told me not to worry, that they would contact me within 54 hours.
2. Then you contact the customer service representative, who will tell you that this issue will be handled by a specialist who will inform you of the outcome.
You can never reach this commissioner voluntarily, you don't know her extension number, and there is no direct dial phone number; in other words, you can't reach her unless she contacts you first.
Tragically, after waiting nearly 3 days, the agent contacted me and I was away from my phone and did not receive the agent’s call.
I waited for 2 hours for the specialist’s call, during which time I contacted Amazon customer service on my own initiative and emailed them to ask them to call me back.
It has been nearly three days and I still don’t know what Amazon’s response will be to this substandard coffee maker I received!
There is nothing wrong with the products sold by Amazon in the US, and this kind of shopping method is good for overseas purchases, but the service provided by Meiya is far inferior.
For me, I can only keep waiting...
The bottom is uneven.
The reviews were all positive, so I was really looking forward to this wok. When I received it, I really liked how lightweight it was, but when I used it, I found a problem – the bottom of the wok was not flat, but rather raised in the middle and sunken around the edges, so the oil ran out to the edges; I had specifically bought this wok to make a dish that required a lot of oil, but the oil didn’t cover the central area at all. I was disappointed, and I couldn’t even use the wok to cook – this design is probably not suitable for cooking in general.
I don’t know if it was just bad luck, but I happened to receive a pot with a crooked bottom. Fortunately, Amazon provides a one-month return policy, so I decided to return it.
I cleaned the pot thoroughly and gave up halfway through, having wasted half a day.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve it.
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The shape of the cube is accentuated by the subtle curve on the top.
The lines should have been very fluid.
Unfortunately, the final result did not meet expectations.
This is because there are two components at the top: the control panel at the front and the water tank cover at the back.
The curvature of the top cover and the control panel were not consistent, resulting in a height difference of up to 2 mm after assembly.
Although it appears to be a very small gap.
But it can be said to have destroyed the entire design.
I feel a bit sorry for the product designer.
It seems that Midea’s product managers are not capable of creating products of such a high standard.
(Of course, we cannot expect too much from the after-sales service representative, but when she said that all the products were like this and it wasn’t just my faulty product, her incredulity and reluctance to accept responsibility made me realize that we cannot expect too much from products either) July 7, 2019 - the pump is faulty and the water flow is low. This is the second time I’ve had it repaired, and it broke again two weeks after the first repair.
It’s a good deal after the discount, but it’s sad to see fake discounts on Amazon.
It is highly insulated and perfect for use with a newborn baby, purchased one week after the baby was born.
You can’t feel any heat coming from the outside of the teapot, which means it won’t burn you and effectively prevents the temperature from dissipating.
The air conditioning in the room can still maintain a high temperature even after a whole night.
Amazon said that the anniversary event offered 320 great deals, but later it turned out that everyone got the same deal for $249.289.299. We felt cheated, but after comparing prices at the supermarket, we found that the deals were still much cheaper than those from other brands. From now on, we can bring them with us when we go out.
Vitamix 6300.
I had been waiting for a long time before I saw that Meiya 6300 was on sale at a discounted price, and that CAA XO was also available at the same price. I quickly made my purchase.
I placed the order on September 2nd and it was expected to arrive on the 21st. However, it arrived on the 12th, which was about 10 days earlier, so fast!
The packaging is small, and it comes directly from the original Vitamix packaging; Amazon isn’t afraid that it will get damaged during shipping across the ocean!
The machine looks pretty new and comes with all the necessary parts. The only problem is that the cups shake a lot when placed on the base, so much so that I’m afraid they might fly out when I turn it on!
I asked a friend who has a 5200, and it seems that his experience wasn’t as smooth as mine.
The recipes included in the book are in English, which is quite tiring to read, and I couldn’t find a Chinese version online, what a hassle!
After receiving the package, I immediately bought an transformer and it should arrive in 3 days. I’ll get to work on it then!
It’s too small, there’s no umbrella cover, and the material is of poor quality.
It's definitely not a large size!
The second Totes umbrella: 1. It doesn’t have an umbrella cover; 2. the material of the umbrella shaft is average; 3. it says “Large”, but it’s actually a compact umbrella for one person, and I doubt it would be big enough for two people to use.
On the other hand, the one I bought from Meituan can be used by three people without any pressure.
I don't feel very well.
Firstly, the box is not very sturdy and deforms easily when you press on it; secondly, the design on the back is not effective in preventing the ABS flakes from coming off the box surface when it is laid flat; thirdly, the box is just a hollow space with a piece of cloth wrapped around it and the handle sticking out; and so on, there are many things I dislike about it; finally, the latch is a bit difficult to use.
PS: The wheels do feel pretty good.
It is also possible...
Pros: This shoulder bag is quite stylish and looks durable.
Cons: The QR code on the card cannot be scanned (what's going on?); the 15.6-inch laptop cannot be carried in the bag (is it possible to make it a little bigger?); the drawstring on this shoulder bag can be locked, but no lock is provided for buyers, which is not exactly customer-oriented.
It’s okay overall, not sure if it’s genuine leather.
Overall, it feels good, but I don’t know if it’s genuine leather so I can’t really comment on it.
It can hold A4-sized documents, and has held 80-page thick objects (not deformable ones). It is unlikely to hold objects that are too thick or too hard.
The package is soft and the inner bag is well-designed, which is quite good.
The bottom of the item I received has a small pit, so I don’t know if it’s because my character is flawed or what.
I didn’t want to go through the hassle of returning and exchanging the product, so I just put up with it.
Overall, I would give it four stars. It is worth it.
ForRoyal, popular worldwide, camera straps, SLR straps
This strap is designed in a more scientific manner and can be worn on both shoulders. It is practical and the camera is secured and protected on the front with soft material, unlike other quick-draw holsters that use screws to secure the camera at the bottom and make it difficult to remove the camera. It is also very convenient to take off the camera.
Garbage after-sales service
I bought a musical instrument a month and a half ago, and it’s missing a part. After informing Amazon, they gave me a customer service phone number, but after multiple communications, the part still hasn’t arrived. What kind of efficiency is this?!
It is estimated that maintenance will be more troublesome after the warranty period, so I recommend that those who value good after-sales service should look elsewhere; it’s just too much trouble!’’
It has minor flaws, but the sound quality is good.
The soundhole has a defect, it lacks a corner, and it feels like a substandard product. There are no gifts either, but for this price it’s not bad, and the sound quality is good.
Not bad, first invoice.
It has been used for a long time and, except for the fact that the bass cannot be heard, it is generally good.
The workmanship is not as perfect as I had imagined.
The first time I bought it, the product had problems and all the lights were flashing and didn’t work.
I asked for a replacement, but it took three days for the product to arrive in Shanghai and it still hasn’t been delivered.
I also called the delivery person, but they didn't answer.
The courier company said that they only had that contact information.
Amazon couldn’t find a place to complain.
I did not request this, and I received a message saying that my order would be delayed for no apparent reason - this is what happens when orders are delayed due to late delivery.
Later on, he mentioned the issue of transit.
In any case, the terrible shopping experience made me start to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon’s logistics and control systems.
It is estimated that it will not arrive today either.
The adhesive is too weak and the label is not waterproof.
Although the Bluetooth connection is convenient, the content printed on the labels is not waterproof and the surface is not coated; the labels also have poor adhesiveness, making them unsuitable for use on cable labels, where they are easily lost; those who purchase them for cable management purposes should take note of this.
The pen was fine, but the packaging was very basic - just a cardboard box with no protective measures whatsoever - and the box the pen was stored in was sealed with a large piece of transparent tape, leaving tape residue on the box.
Treating a 600 yuan item like this is disappointing and makes for a poor shopping experience.
However, the pen is not a problem.
I hope they improve the packaging in the future!
In terms of quality, if we’re talking about writing, 925-25 is better.
First, let me praise the excellent service of TNT, especially their air delivery service, which is incredibly fast, and their service attitude is also great!
I have been using the 925-25 and it’s great. I just received the 925-85 and the quality is excellent, and the design is beautiful. I gave it four stars because the pen is a bit heavy and not ideal for fast writing, and there is a bit of wobbling when adjusting the length of the lead inside the pen casing. In my opinion, the 925-25 is more comfortable to use.
Therefore, he became an Amazon loyalist.
I bought it at a super discounted price, but my child doesn’t like it.
I tried to apply for a refund after opening the package, and they even offered to send someone to pick it up for free.
This is amazing.
While we do not encourage returns, this is a service that is unique to us in China.
I hope it is not misused.
From then on, I bought all my books here.
The headphones have a distortion and background noise.
These headphones are truly terrible. I don't know if it's my ears that are the problem, or if these headphones really aren't as good as they used to be.
I bought a blue one from Yihaodian two years ago, and the sound quality was good with no noise or poor bass. I used it for more than two years before it broke down, and I plan to buy another one (urbeats) because I still think it’s great.
I looked at another one that was purple and looked nice, but when I opened it today, I found that it was not right; it was both loud and quiet at the same time.
At first, I thought it was because of the sound effects in the song, but after listening to it for half a day, I realized that the problem was serious. Not only was the sound distorted, but the bass sound quality was not as good as before, and there were some unwanted noises. Is this only happening to the pink earphones I bought, or is the manufacturing process for earphones really not up to par now?
A pretty poor review, I'm disappointed.
I definitely need to return the items tomorrow during the day.
PS has a good appearance.
This AV amplifier is complex to set up, has a crude appearance, and generates a lot of heat.
I will have to wait a while before I can give my opinion on the sound!
On August 14, I just got my hands on a German version of the DN1080, and I have to say it looks poorly made.
1. The front panel and the knobs are all made of plastic.
2. The audio input and output ports on the back panel are of poor quality; any CD amplifier system priced between 1000 and 2000 yuan would be much better.
3. The top cover is quite thin, and it has even sunk in on my transformer, so I had to open the package and use my hands to fix it; the top cover and front panel were not properly attached.
4. The center of gravity of the entire machine is tilted towards the transformer end, making it difficult to move.
It feels like a basic SONY machine, in terms of workmanship, made in Malaysia.
It feels like Sony is much better at outsourcing production to China than Little Horse.
5. The machine gets very hot; when you touch the top cover of the two-speaker unit after using it for about two hours to watch a movie, your hand feels hot to the touch at around 40-50°C. I wonder if the transformer is too big and generates a lot of heat.
Nowadays, most people use switched-mode power supplies, and that stupid transformer probably weighs 4 kg.
Sony should have used active heat dissipation silent fans inside the machine, but all we see after opening the box are large aluminum heat dissipation plates on the pipes.
Xiao Gui.
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing company that integrates R&D, design, production, and marketing, and mainly produces men’s outdoor leisure clothing. It is a young and rapidly developing company.
FANDUN JEEP focuses on the effective integration of modern information technology and traditional industries. It introduces advanced international production equipment, process design, and management techniques to build a world-class clothing production line.
Maintain excellence in production and services, quality and brand, profitability and public welfare.
In terms of information technology construction, the company has worked to improve the speed and efficiency of product flow, logistics flow, and information flow, strengthening and improving the comprehensive management capabilities of the company, and raising the overall level of modern management.
The company adheres to the operating philosophy of “sincerity, harmony, quality, excellence”, and its products are well received by a wide range of customers in the domestic market.
Vanguard Gipp apparel, because it is young and confident!
We sincerely welcome customers from both at home and abroad to come and cooperate with us to create a brilliant future together!
Enterprise spirit: proactive and innovative; service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication; enterprise mission: leading the trend, building a brand.
I have not opened it.
The battery is in use.
I really want to dissect it and see what's inside its belly.
Later on, I thought that if I was disappointed after opening it, it would be a waste of money; if I was satisfied after opening it, it would be difficult to put it back in the box and I wouldn’t enjoy using it.
Okay, even if Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed explanation of the battery life, most people would feel anxious after reading it.
I’m doing okay. I used to work in a cell phone factory, so I’m basically half a battery engineer and can handle it, except for not knowing anything about circuits.
Delighted beyond words.
I really had no idea what I was buying until I opened the package and saw that it was in perfect condition!
Finally, when I touched the earphone wire, I found it to be very flexible, and the quality was excellent. I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and open QQ Music.
I was shocked, the sound quality was even 3D surround!
I asked at a physical camera store and it costs around 30 yuan, but it’s not a name brand product, it’s a generic brand. Therefore, although this Pixi product costs 27 yuan, it’s definitely worth buying because it offers great value for the price!
The worst online shopping experience.
After placing an order on September 28th, the system showed that the order had been shipped, but the package was never delivered and I still haven’t received it as of October 12th.
When I checked the status of my order on Amazon, the seller didn’t provide a tracking number, so I couldn’t find out where my order was.
So I sent an email to the seller asking if they could provide the tracking number, but I never received a reply after two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service, and they gave me the seller’s phone number. I called the seller, and after a few attempts, the call went through. They informed me that the package was lost and that they could send me a new one right away.
Even though I was very angry, I didn’t say much to the seller because I needed the computer urgently. I just asked them to send it to me right away.
The next day, I called to ask if the package had been shipped.
The seller said it hasn’t shipped yet and won’t be sent until this afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon and the seller said that the package would be sent, but it wouldn't be delivered until 5 or 6 pm. However, when I called back at 7 pm, there was no answer.
The third morning, I called again to ask if the goods had been shipped.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it hasn't been shipped yet, and told me to order from another store if I was in a hurry, or wait until this afternoon if I could.
There’s nothing I can do; it will be a long wait before I can place an order with another store.
There is nothing left to do but to hope the seller will send the package as soon as possible.
After countless follow-up calls, I finally received my computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don’t know since it was bought for someone else, so I’ll add a review later.
I bought it half a year ago and have only used it a few times. Now it’s malfunctioning. Can you fix it?’
I bought a desktop computer, but haven’t used it much since then.
I only take it out of my suitcase when I am on a business trip.
Recently, when connecting the power supply, the device would not charge unless the user held the charger and cable steady with their hands for a few seconds.
I suspect that there is a problem with the interface, so I don’t know if it can be repaired now?
It is strongly recommended that Amazon stop using EMS!
The product received 5 stars, the logistics 1 star, for an average rating of 3 stars.
I don’t understand why Amazon would send EMS packages, which are notorious for being unreliable; well, computers are expensive items after all!
The order after the purchase showed that it would be delivered on the 20th, so my family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send something from Xiamen to Fuzhou?!
On the 22nd morning, the package was finally delivered to Fuzhou. I was looking forward to receiving it, but in the evening, after not receiving any phone calls or messages, I checked the delivery status and found that it had been signed for at noon, and that it was even signed for by myself!
I was shocked at that moment!
Who am I? Where am I? Is this computer really mine?
I seriously doubt the meaning of life now!
Finally, I went to a pick-up point to retrieve my computer.
The specific reason for this was that the delivery person mixed up the two order numbers, but fortunately the package wasn’t lost so it’s all good.
I strongly suggest that Amazon stop using EMS, and in the future, if Amazon uses EMS for shipping, I will definitely stop buying from them.
The goods are not bad.
First of all, I want to say that I bought this computer a few days ago and found out that it was discounted, and I left a bad review. Although the computer is not bad, it has good value for money, and the CPU and graphics card are powerful enough to handle mainstream online games and a significant portion of large single-player games. The heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a bit dim (a common problem with IPS screens), the sound quality is not great, and the hard drive is not very good (I suggest you spend a little extra money to get a solid-state drive). I took the computer to the after-sales service center yesterday to have the hardware checked, and there were no problems. The pre-installed Windows 8.1 is not very user-friendly, so I recommend upgrading to Windows 10. The seller was quick to ship the package, and they responded to my inquiries very quickly. I received the invoice for the purchase the next day, which was great. It’s a shame that there were no freebies.
(On the side, if you are going to buy keyboard skins, don’t go to a store called Eke Digital Center on Taobao; they are slow to ship, the quality is poor, they don’t offer refunds or exchanges if there are any problems with the products, and the owner curses a lot; I’m warning you specifically about this store).
The products are good, but the platform is still bureaucratic.
The hard drive is of very high quality and offers excellent value for money; if you don’t mind waiting for the shipment, I would definitely recommend purchasing it as it is cheaper than buying one in Hong Kong.
But I have to say that Amazon’s bureaucracy is still the same as it was several years ago when I swore I would never use it again. You can never find out the actual status of your shipment, and you will always receive your package several weeks later. You can never file a complaint, it’s just so bureaucratic!
The package has been shipped several days ago, but the logistics information says you will receive the package in 10 days!
Logistics without complacency.
It arrived in this condition, not only was the packaging crushed, but the electrical equipment was also open, and I don’t know if anything was tampered with.
FYI
I have always trusted Philips, so I haven’t tried any others, and I hope the battery life is longer than with other brands.
After searching online, I found that this is a common problem with this model and it is not covered by the warranty.
I'm so disappointed!
I’ll continue to use it with the plastic wrap, but I don’t know how long it will last.
I bought something that has already been taken apart by someone else.
Paying taxes of more than 100 yuan for a machine costing more than 300 yuan is indeed quite high, and now I feel more at ease about the price.
When I received it, the seal looked like it had been tampered with, as if it had been opened before; I immediately took a photo of it. Sure enough, when I tore it open, the inside of the package was damaged. Worried that it had been returned by someone else, I decided to test it out on my husband before it was his birthday. Unfortunately, the machine didn’t turn on at all; luckily there was no garbage inside the blade, or I would have had to return it from a long distance!
It is unclear whether it is good to use or if there will be any problems in the short term; as mentioned in the previous review, the products that are out of stock are not reliable!
The overall experience is slightly above average.
It’s pretty much the top of the line electric toothbrush, with a lot of different brushing modes, but few people change modes every day.
It worked fine for half a year without any problems, and I used it every day. It crashed about once every week and a half.
The brush heads and accessories are also cheaper on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use. Except for changing the colors, the other issues that seem to be compatibility problems are due to the overseas version?
Those who want to learn the Great Law.
The price is very reasonable.
I have used it 3-4 times already.
1. The packaging is in good condition.
2. It is very easy to use and convenient to clean.
3. You can do your own hair styling and save money.
Overall, it was a very successful purchase.
There are counterfeit products.
Last time I bought two packs, and to my surprise, they were two different versions. The words in the lower left corner of the packaging were green on one pack, but not on the other; the words were white on the other pack. The cat got sick after eating the pack with white words.
I am not sure whether the products on Amazon are fake or if they were dropped by Amazon employees during the shipping process.
I will buy from you again, but if it turns out to be fake, I will hold you and your company responsible.
It's a slam dunk!
The product was shown with a hyphen on Amazon, but when it was sent to me, it was sent with a horizontal line. Isn’t this fraudulent?
The results are satisfactory.
The most important thing is that Koko loves to eat.
It really works.
Tight and narrow, with foot and leg binding and foot-binding.
Not recommended.
1. The UN series is the most comfortable Clarks series, but unfortunately this particular model is not very good.
Additional note: Today, I compared the UN series footrests (leaving the shoe rests behind) with the previous ones, and I found that the materials are not as good as before, they have less elasticity and are not as breathable as before, but they are still kind of soft.
2. My feet are not very tall, and the dots are located about 3 inches forward from the highest point of my back.
3. I bought three pairs of Clarks shoes from overseas, but only one pair fits properly.
I was so scared that I deleted all the songs in my playlist.
I suggest trying rockport, if that doesn’t work out, you can always go to an Ecco physical store.
Being second best and not being a good quality control person
First of all, it is worth mentioning that Prime Sea-Based Purchases is really great; I received my package on the 6th, even though it was shipped on the 31st.
The shoes are much nicer than they look in the picture, and the texture feels great.
The shoe size is slightly larger, 25s are 10.5 wide and 7.5 high; they feel slightly loose when worn, but I usually prefer to wear slightly looser shoes, and I put in a pair of insoles to get the perfect fit.
Secondly, the person testing the shoes really can’t be praised; one of the soles had damage to the adhesive, while the other had various scratches and pinholes, and the adhesive strip at the connection point between the upper and the sole was misaligned, blatantly substandard!
I regret it a little bit!
If you buy it for 280 yuan, this price is quite reasonable for Arthrose; of course, you can find it at an even lower price if you read the reviews.
Now let's talk about the shoes. The pros: they are lightweight, comfortable to run in, and fit well without feeling loose or falling apart.
It is very visually appealing, but its flaws are also obvious: I usually wear a size 40, but I bought a size 40.5 this time, and there is about the width of a thumb at the front of the shoe when I put it on, but this doesn’t really matter.
These shoes are very “narrow”, although there is still some space in the front, but they feel tight.
There’s one more thing, the shoes might not be breathable, and I feel like my feet are getting hot.
Heel spur.
First of all, the shoes are well made for the price.
My feet are standard size, I wear a size uk7.5 for running shoes and uk6.5 for casual shoes, and I have bought a few pairs of shoes from Amazon’s Aibee and they have always fit me well. However, I bought these shoes based on the reviews and sized them as uk7, but they are a size too big and noticeably longer, but because the insole is so thick, it still presses down on the back of my foot, making it very uncomfortable to wear. Additionally, these shoes are very stiff, which makes it difficult to walk in them.
If your feet are not particularly thin, I would not recommend purchasing this product.
If you insist on buying them, you can always use different insoles, but the original insoles look very high-end, so there’s no need to feel sorry about it.
A perfectly wonderful shopping experience!
I am very satisfied and love Amazon Global Store, which sells authentic products without a doubt; the quality is also very good and the price is reasonable; I feel assured when I buy from Amazon; the after-sales service is very thoughtful; the customer service staff are all friendly and patient; they handle problems efficiently and effectively, which has completely resolved my worries; the delivery service is very convenient and reliable; the delivery person is very considerate of the customer’s needs and will remind them to pick up their package from the delivery box in a timely manner; I would like to thank Amazon for providing such a comfortable shopping experience.
In short, our whole family loves shopping on Amazon Global!
Absolutely negative feedback!
It is truly ridiculous to think of this agency and Amazon.
In the future, be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon.
Although it has been a long time, I still have to come here to complain.
I bought it on sale during the winter for less than 200 yuan, but I haven’t used it in months.
When I needed it in the spring, I found that it couldn't connect to my smartwatch, and both manuals indicated that the other device supported it. Later, I found out that the problem was with the heart rate monitor, as I couldn't connect it to any other device.
I called Amazon and was told to contact an agent company, which told me to pay for shipping the device to Shanghai for testing.
Almost half a month later, the items were sent back to me in their original condition, including the shipping box I had used when I sent them!
No replies or acknowledgments, and no test reports!
At least tell me whether it’s good or bad!
I called to ask, and they said that sending it back in this way indicated that the device was in good condition. That’s good.
But I still can’t connect, and the proxy company responds: It’s not their problem.
I guess I’m the unlucky one, too lazy to be bothered by you guys over a measly 200 yuan.
There is a serious problem with the supply and demand.
This is not the right time for such a move.
The material of the headband is of good quality.
It's much better than Nike.
It also has good breathability.
It's just the hat in front.
Very fine.
Are you trying to be funny?!’’
It provides no protection from the sun at all.
The reason for not returning the product is that it has a good headband function.
Wearing it on your head doesn’t block the sun.
However, it is different from other headband styles.
Save it for later.
The quality of the products is good, Amazon lacks a sense of contractual obligation, and the delivery personnel are great.
I require delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon’s rules do not allow deliveries on Saturdays or Sundays.
I had to drive 200 km from the countryside to come and pick it up!
Amazon, how can I love you any more?
The delivery person was very proactive and friendly.
Give it a thumbs up!
The products are great, I tried them out and they are good.
However, since I have never purchased similar products before, I am unable to compare prices!’
Size and logistics
The workmanship is good, but the delivery is too slow. Previously, all my shoes were delivered by DHL. This time, Apex was just... I’ve bought a lot of UA products in China, and they’re not cheap. I feel like they’re of a higher quality than NIKE and ADIDAS?
They are all the same, so I shop overseas.
Size: I am 176 cm tall and weigh 68 kg. My shoulders are normally 180 cm in width, and I bought a size M. The hem is slightly long. Everything else fits perfectly. I see that some people recommend the S size. Does that fit someone with such a slim figure? Or do you prefer something more form-fitting? I think the hoodie would be better if it were a bit looser.
The size is just right.
The waist size is 99 cm, height is 184 cm, weight is 84 kg. Before making the purchase, the customer consulted with customer service and was told to buy XL. After reading the reviews, the customer decided to go with L, and was pleasantly surprised to find that the size was just right. They almost got scammed.
The prices during Double 11 are much higher than those during Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The issue of affordable goods is a difficult one!
I received the package for order number 18 on the 25th, which is the speed of delivery from Guangzhou to Beijing for snails!
I bought this item because it was cheap, and the description stated that there were scratches on it. However, when I received the package, I found that 4 screws and their respective screw caps were missing!
The child didn’t want to return the item because they thought it wasn’t a big deal, but the accessory is a small part that the child’s grandfather couldn’t find anywhere in the nearby hardware stores!
Finally, it was stuck on by my grandfather!
It looks like we can’t buy affordable products from Z anymore!
The toys are poorly made.
Most of the bolt holes were not aligned, and it was difficult to tighten the bolts, indicating poor workmanship. It is unclear how long it can be used, as it was a promise made to a child, so it cannot be returned.
Other reviews say that the installation was easy, so is it just this one item that I bought that has a problem?’
It was pretty average.
Is it just bad luck for me?
The packaging is outdated; the workmanship is poor; there is only one type of music that lasts 8 seconds and then repeats; the action is simply nodding your head and walking forward, with no variation.
Not worth the price.
If you need it urgently, then you cannot return it.
The toy is of good quality, but I have some complaints about the packaging.
I received a package delivered by EMS from Amazon yesterday, and it was finally delivered by a Tmall courier. How many twists and turns did this package go through? Is the relationship between Amazon and Tmall good?
As for the packaging, it is wrapped in several layers of cling film, and there isn’t even a piece of plastic packaging foam inside. When you open it up, all the parts are placed in an empty box, which is kind of fun, but the toy is of good quality and doesn’t have any broken parts. However, it is smaller than I expected because it doesn’t come with a battery, and it often derails when pushed by hand because the track gaps are too large, which makes the design unreasonable.
Good quality, fun to play.
It’s a lot of fun, the components are very precise and well-made, and the quality is almost on par with Lego’s; the price is very reasonable for events and activities.
The process of assembling it was quite interesting, and my 5-year-old son came along to play with me. It was great.
He was laughing so hard that he said he would probably continue to buy toys from this brand in the future.
The phone is new and was purchased overseas, which is great.
I watched it for Christmas, and it was 150 yuan more expensive than what I had previously bought, but it is taking a bit longer to ship.
The machines are pretty good, they are all new.
A built-in Pikachu.
If you connect the orbs together, you will receive a dream.
It’s fun to play, and it’s more portable than a PS4.
I have already bought Zelda, so I’ll try it out after playing it.
Producing defective products, selling defective products, and as a result providing defective services; one of the six watches sent to a customer with children showed incomplete data, and the times of all six watches were inconsistent, differing by a dozen or so hours at most.
I contacted the manufacturer and asked if there was a verification process when the watches were received. They replied that there was, but if there was such a process, why was there such a big discrepancy in the times? It was clear that the watches were not precise and were probably counterfeit products. It’s not that I’m being rude, but it’s obvious that there are quality issues (the digital display is not accurate). They even sell these products. Are they garbage?
I contacted the seller, who gave me a long list of excuses and blamed me for buying their product in the first place, a product from such a seller with such poor after-sales service, who would dare to buy anything on Amazon again.
In short, I recommend not buying anything from this seller, as the products are of poor quality.
The issue with Amazon shipments
After receiving the goods, an inspection revealed that:
1. The box is severely damaged.
2. The table instructions have serious wrinkles.
3. The clock does not have a battery and cannot be charged, and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only ship it to the United States at your own expense, and you will be responsible for the shipping fees.
5. The reason for a score of 2 is that the customer service is good.
All I can say is that it works.
The time is not very accurate, it advances by about a second each day, and it has been almost two and a half months since I started using it.
I used to have a Seatlec once, and I think it won’t be out of sync by a few seconds even after a year or two.
The function for the millennium calendar is quite good, but the timer function is somewhat useless and you accidentally enter the timer mode from time to time.
Solar-powered watches.
Advantages: solar charging, no need to worry about replacing batteries, world time function, multiple alarm sounds and reminders at the hour.
The downside: mirrors are easy to scratch and get dusty.
Value for money: domestic prices are generally between 220 and 300 yuan, and it costs over 180 yuan to purchase one from overseas (delivery takes about a week).
I am very satisfied with this watch.
It must be authentic, as I checked it at the specialty store. The watch looks beautiful, with fine workmanship and high-quality materials. Since it is an imported mechanical movement, it definitely has some weight to it. It can’t be compared to those so-called mechanical watches that cost only a few hundred dollars. This is a genuine product.
The watch is very accurate in terms of timekeeping, with errors well within acceptable limits. The watch comes with a certificate of authenticity for the jewelry, and the 12 diamonds on the dial are indeed genuine. It is a perfect fit for me and would make a great gift.
The Benelli shotgun is indeed a good one.
The worst shopping experience ever.
On the evening of September 23, my wife dropped her phone, so I immediately ordered an 8P model from Amazon Malaysia. The product was in stock, but it was not self-sold and there was no markup (I was secretly happy about this). Since it was not self-sold, the delivery was slower than usual, and the system showed that the package would be delivered no later than September 27.
My wife, who couldn’t stand it any longer without a phone, called me early in the morning at around 6:00 the next day, asking me to find a solution. Later, when she checked JD.com, she found a 256G version in stock that could be delivered the same day. So, she immediately ordered another one.
After buying the new one, I immediately thought about canceling the Amazon order.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it was impossible to pick up the package in the morning, so at around 7:00, I called customer service to request cancellation of the order, and the customer service representative replied that the cancellation had been processed and that I should wait for a text message confirmation.
Fine, I’ll wait patiently. When I checked my phone at noon, the order was still in the “not shipped” status, so I immediately contacted customer service to request that they cancel the order as soon as possible. The customer service representative replied that the order had been processed.
When I checked my phone at 3 pm, I found that the order was still pending. I had no choice but to contact customer service again to confirm that I had called three times, and asked them to cancel the order and notify the seller not to ship the package!
After my request, the customer service representative contacted the seller immediately and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system and that I would have to wait until the seller was familiar with the system before the cancellation could be processed.
However, I was clearly informed that the seller was aware of this and would not ship the item, so please rest assured.
I checked the order status on Monday and found that it had already been shipped, leaving me speechless.
Unable to contact the seller directly, they had to call customer service again.
The handling of subsequent issues was simply unbelievable; basically, I would say something and the customer service representative would then do something in response.
The order is still in the rejected state, and we are preparing to send it again!
Won’t Amazon proactively follow up on this?
Regardless, the seller’s company has already received the money, so it doesn’t matter to them.
From now on, we will definitely not prepay for large items, as this is too much trouble.
It sounds great.
I had my eye on this camera for a long time, but I didn’t buy it because of some other reasons besides the price. This time, I bought it because it was eligible for free shipping, and the price was still reasonable.
After I bought it, I didn’t encounter any other problems, but when I tried to connect the software, I couldn’t connect no matter what I did. My router is a TP router, and after searching online, I found that many people have had this problem. I spent more than two hours trying different settings on the router, and finally I was able to solve the problem by using 360WIFI as a medium. During this process, I called the Mi customer service, but they didn’t have any solutions to this problem and told me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another thing worth noting is that I saw users’ comments online saying that the camera supports memory cards with a minimum capacity of 8G, and that memory cards with smaller capacities cannot be recognized, so please be aware of this.
It’s not bad to use, and the image quality is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor and the machine gets quite hot, which is hard to accept if you leave it on for a long time.
Based on the above, this product has many shortcomings, so please be careful when making a purchase.
I gave it 3 stars because this person bought it for their first love, they dated for almost 3 years, and then he left her last year and this is still the case to this day.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it for my first love, but I’m not sure if I’ll ever use it again; maybe I’ll just throw it away!
We had been together for almost 3 years before she left me last year. Whenever I think of her now, I feel so heartbroken that I want to leave this world. The first woman in my life, who brought me shadows and heartache that I have yet to overcome.
When I bought this phone, I thought that we could bear hardships together, but now looking back, I regret it. Maybe that’s just how life is. There are some people you never want to meet in your life and some things you never want to know about. But what can you do?
Every time I see a Samsung phone, her image pops up in my mind, and the pain that comes with it fills my entire body. I have never been willing to spend more than 2,000 yuan on a phone, but when I bought one for her, I didn't hesitate for a moment. No matter how much I love someone, however, if they change their mind, all the promises and vows in the world won't mean anything.
High-quality products among domestic brands
Huawei is a premium product among domestic products.
The low-key CEO and his company rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is in stark contrast to the current business trend of relying on advertising to increase brand recognition!
Enterprises without the necessary strength simply cannot do this, nor would they dare to do so!
It is precisely for this reason that I chose Huawei.
I bought it more than half a year ago and it has been working great, it’s really good.
The reason why I didn't give it a perfect score is because once, when using its offline navigation, it experienced a positioning issue, and I was unable to find the cause. Other times, it worked fine.
What’s more, it’s great for online input of destinations, and after a search it automatically designs a route. When you leave the WiFi area, its offline navigation function is very useful, as it doesn’t use up your data plan. It communicates directly with satellites to determine your location and provide navigation, which is really convenient!’’
Sony is great.
Sony’s low-end phones still have a great design, are affordable, have large screens, and have excellent battery life, making them perfect for the elderly.
Although a long time has passed, this machine still works perfectly.
However, since my Z2 was released, this phone has fulfilled its purpose.
