Diego Cocca becomes new national coach of Mexico
In the summer of 2026, Mexico will host the World Cup together with the USA and Canada, featuring a record 48 teams for the first time. Cocca is taking over from Gerardo Martino, whose contract was not extended after the early exit of the Mexican team from the World Cup in Qatar. The 50-year-old was not considered a favorite for the position until a few days ago. He only took over as coach of the Mexican club Tigres in November. His surprising appointment as national coach caused unrest in the club.
Geesthacht: New bed signs should encourage replanting
Franko Stein (FD Environment, left) and Friedhelm Ringe (Nabu) are placing the plant signs in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone.
The "Geesthacht blüht auf" (Geesthacht blooms) campaign also includes information about what is currently blooming there - currently in white and pink.
Geesthacht. "Geesthacht is blooming" is an action by the Nabu in cooperation with the town administration. Since 2015, thousands of flower bulbs and plants have been planted with the help of many volunteers from clubs, schools, daycare centers, companies, and institutions. The goal: Large-scale flower islands should emerge in the Geesthachter city area, where insects can find food at all times. "With favorable weather conditions, the bees fly out in January to look for food," says Friedhelm Ringe from the Geesthachter Nabu. He has beehives on his property himself.
So that the project does not just remain an action by nature conservationists and the city's Environmental Department, but also reaches a wide audience, explanatory signs are placed next to the plants. There are already about 50 signs. Passers-by should be able to find out what is currently blooming here in this way. The hope is that amateur gardeners will specifically plant the same plants at home.
The wild hazel was already in season in the first week of January
More recent additions are shrubs such as Winter Fragrance Hedge and Winter Snowball in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone. They have been in the soil of the pots on Bergedorer Straße for a year now, and are just starting to show their first delicate flowers in white and pink. They have recently been given additional signs. "The Winter Fragrance Hedge is a very bushy shrub that can grow up to two metres high and three metres wide," it says there, along with other information about the suitable location.
Friedhelm Ringe emphasizes that it is not only the bedding plants that are now showing flowers. The wild hazel tree had already started blooming in the first week of January. It blooms particularly abundantly on the Richtweg hill, in the Gutenbergstraße, Wilhelm-Holert-Straße, Fahrendofer Weg, and many other places.
Ernestine is 102 years old: "Stepping keeps me young"
Munich - Dance god Fred Astaire would certainly be proud of them if he were looking down from heaven to Munich's Ostbahnhof!
Every Monday, three ladies meet at the "Mandolin Motion Show Academy" at 3 p.m. to do a lively step dance. Together, they are an incredible 277 years old, sorry, young!
The eldest of them is Ernestine Stauchner, who recently celebrated her 102nd birthday.
For the native Munich resident (born on 15 January 1921) from Schwanthalerhöhe, Monday is the highlight of the week. "Dancing and stepping are my life, I can't imagine it without them".
Ernestine is also joined by Eva-Maria Stolze (almost 97) and Elfriede Widmann (79) on the dance floor.
The 97-year-old was born in Jena (Thuringia) in 1926. She was a soubrette, which today would be called a musical actress, and worked with the legendary Marika Rökk. "I have spent my life dancing, acting, and singing."
At 79 years old, Elfriede Widmann is something of a baby in the group of stepp dancers. She says: "We just have fun with our dance teacher Sissy Engl here."
Wikipedia: Stepptanz was developed in the United States in the 19th century and is now known all over the world. Two metal plates, which are more durable than the initially used wooden soles, are attached to the front and back of the shoes, creating rhythmic sounds that match the visual impression and the music. The dancer thus becomes a percussion musician. The English expression for this is tap dance and the French claquettes. Spanish flamenco may have influenced stepptanz. The tips of the shoes are nailed so that they produce a clearly audible sound when dancing.
The 77-year-old Sissi Engl is the heart and soul of the dance studio at Ostbahnhof. She is an actress, dancer, and choreographer. "We are a big family, everyone is welcome, big and small, young and old."
And what is the recipe for such a long life? "Movement keeps me young," the 102-year-old tells BILD. Her advice to everyone: "Exercise, healthy eating, and no alcohol."
Analog in dialogue - The limits of the digital
As digitalisation progresses, some people are rediscovering their love of the analogue
The rapid pace at which our everyday lives have become digital has left us little time to establish rules for dealing with it and to adapt our communication and working methods to it, says DNN columnist Claudia Muntschick.
Dresden. If you wanted to have a telephone conversation in Bautzen in 1985, you had three options. Either you belonged to the lucky six percent who had a private connection. Or you belonged to those who had someone from this exclusive group in the neighborhood and could call their relatives there for a bottle of Radeberger. Or you looked for a telephone booth. The smell of the plastic handset and the sound of the small change in the machine are unforgettable. My biggest dream was to be able to see the other person's face when I called - video telephony, I thought, what a great thing that would be!
What next in Moldova? 14 days for a new government
In Moldova (also: Moldavia), President Maia Sandu has tasked former Interior Minister Dorin Recean with forming a government.
The 48-year-old economic expert now has 14 days to do so. Recean was previously one of the president's advisors.
After only one and a half years in office, Prime Minister Natalia Gavrilita surprisingly resigned. The pro-European head of government was under massive pressure, as she herself announced as an explanation for her resignation - apparently she was attacked by pro-Russian forces.
The president thanked Gavrilita for their "enormous sacrifice".
Moldova is a neighboring country of Ukraine and is suffering from the economic consequences of the war. Inflation is over 40 percent and the small republic has taken in tens of thousands of refugees from Ukraine.
In the parliament in Chisinau, the pro-European party PAS (Party of Action and Solidarity), founded by President Sandu, has a comfortable majority, occupying 63 of the 101 seats. The confirmation of the new head of government and his cabinet should therefore pose no problem.
However, pro-European politicians have lost popularity in Moldova in recent months, while pro-Russian politicians - with support from the Kremlin - have become more popular.
These were the costumes of the celebrities
In 2023, there will be a proper celebration in Veitshöchheim. The fifth season is in full swing and the celebrities were not long in coming.
Father of the state Markus Söder did not come as Moses, as suggested by his costume. He sees himself more as the elder of the Bavarian tribe. His wife Karin Baumüller-Söder is at his side.
Bavaria's Minister for the Environment and Consumer Protection, Thorsten Glauber, has chosen the children's hero Chase from Paw Patrol for his costume.
From the depths of the sea to Franconia came Justice Minister Georg Eisenreich and his wife Anja.
Completely detached: The Minister for Science and the Arts, Markus Blume, is drawn to space.
The president of the state parliament, Ilse Aigner, chose none other than "Mama Bavaria" as a role model for her costume.
In peace and love mode: Bavaria's Health Minister Klaus Holetschek with his wife Birgit.
Bob the Builder aka Building Minister Christian Bernreiter with his wife Ann-Kathrin Jandt-Bernreiter as Wendy.
Bavaria's golden boy: Finance Minister Albert Füracker with his wife Evelyne. She wore silver.
He even plays the sheriff at carnival: Bavaria's Minister of the Interior, Joachim Herrmann, with his wife Gerswid by his side.
On the roller coaster: Economics Minister Hubert Aiwanger pays tribute to the trades with his costume. His partner Tanja Schweiger, district administrator of the Regensburg district, does the same.
The political opposition was of course also not to be missed.
Everything for Bavaria: Green Party leader Katharina Schulze as Bavaria and her co-leader Ludwig Hartmann as the Bavarian lion.
The SPD faction leader enjoys hiking: Florian von Brunn with SPD state chairman Ronja Endres.
Royal was it with FDP Fraction Leader Martin Hagen. He and his wife Anisha came as Harry and Meghan.
Otherwise, he would certainly say more. In Veitshöchheim, the chairman of the parliamentary group in the EU Parliament, Manfred Weber, was on his way as a pantomime. With him was Mrs Andrea.
If politics don't work out, he can always do magic. Nuremberg's mayor Marcus König as Harry Potter and his wife Anke as Hermione.
Quick as a bee on the move: Bavaria's Digital Minister Judith Gerlach.
Back to the 1920s: the legal director of the BR, Eva Majuntke, BR managing director Katja Wildermuth and BR cultural programme director Björn Wilhelm.
A small dig at the climate activists from the Franconian Tatort detective Sebastian Fleischer, played by Alexander Leopold Schadt.
The first mayor of Veitshöchheim was of course also not to be missed. Jürgen Götz and his wife Julia.
Oberhof: Kühn eighth in the World Sprint
Bö continued his impressive series despite difficult conditions and also won the sixth sprint race of the season. The five-time Olympic champion has now collected 14 World Championship titles and is closing in on his countryman Ole Einar Björndalen. The biathlon icon, who is a TV expert on site, is still the undisputed record champion with 20 World Championship gold medals. Even heavy fog did not prevent the long-time champion Bö from collecting his second gold at the Rennsteig. On Wednesday, the mixed relay team from Norway successfully defended its title.
Few people doubt that the third race will be a hunting race. In the pursuit, Bö is once again the clear favourite. His running form is outstanding, allowing him to compensate for shooting errors to a certain extent in a frighteningly easy manner.
Meanwhile, things were not going well for Doll. After the veteran had already given up all chances of a medal in the mixed relay with a penalty round, and only managed to come sixth, things did not go any better three days later. Three penalty rounds in prone shooting and two more standing were a major disappointment for the oldest member of the German team, who had celebrated the biggest success of his career in this discipline in 2017.
In Hochfilzen, six years ago, he surprisingly won by a hair's breadth with a lead of 0.7 seconds ahead of Bö. It was one of only three career successes for Dolls, who has so far stood on the podium once this winter. The eighth-placed athlete from Beijing left silently after his weak performance and initially gave no interviews. Roman Rees managed to finish in 19th place, and the second World Cup debutant, David Zobel, came in 35th.
Biden receives Lula: "We must stand up for democracy"
At a meeting between US President Joe Biden and his counterpart from Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, the focus is primarily on the value of democracy. Both look back on their predecessors.
US President Joe Biden has emphasized the importance of maintaining democratic values during a visit to his Brazilian counterpart Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
"The strong democracy of our two nations has been put to the test," said Biden on Friday in the White House in Washington. "We must continue to stand up for democracy, for the democratic values that are at the core of our strength." Lula responded to his right-wing predecessor Jair Bolsonaro: "Brazil has been isolated for four years."
The left-wing politician Lula prevailed over Bolsonaro in a runoff vote at the end of October. Lula took office on January 1. The change of power was accompanied by violent riots. Bolsonaro's supporters stormed the Congress, the Supreme Court, and the government headquarters in the capital city of Brasilia in January. The outbreak of violence in Brazil reminds us in a dark way of the storming of the US Capitol just over two years ago, when supporters of then-President Donald Trump violently entered the parliament in Washington.
Lula criticized Bolsonaro openly at the meeting with Biden. His predecessor did not pay much attention to international relations. "His world began and ended with fake news, morning, afternoon, and evening," said Lula. "That sounds familiar to me," replied Biden - an obvious reference to his predecessor Trump.
A brief note about the press - Friday
Does anyone remember the RAF wanted posters? They showed the members of the Red Army Faction who were authorized for denunciation and execution.
In a country with a culture of denunciation, which existed before Corona, public opinion was stirred up against the most dangerous enemies of the FRG; let's say the bourgeois democracy, let's say the late capitalist society. (Here nothing about the really dangerous ones in striped suits and ties.)
Now the Stuttgarter Zeitung, which is usually more interested in Raudis on the S-Bahn or masturbators in the park, is publishing a new edition about Putin's "war criminals" friends. Because they are so nice, there is a photo gallery. Of course, the StZ is poorly informed, because there are probably more "Russian friends" in this world, which includes Asia, Africa, and Latin America, than the StZ has room for photos.
But that's not the point, the point is: Mrs Wagenknecht is in first place to fifth (!), then Mrs Schwarzer follows.
Well, I don't know anyone in my area who reads this paper anymore. If there is, it's high time. We have reached the well-known level where there is nothing left.
And now, at least dialectically, Mrs Wagenknecht should be the most popular politician of all the people who have not yet completely lost their minds, i.e. the peace-loving, pacifist and anti-militarist people. (And here no further differentiation is necessary.)
Harald Glööckler files for divorce from his husband Dieter Schroth
Designer Harald Glööckler (57) and his partner Dieter Schroth (74) have separated. This was confirmed by Glööckler's lawyer Christian-Oliver Moser to the "Bild" newspaper and RTL, using the same words. It reads: "I can confirm that my client has filed an application to dissolve his civil partnership with the competent court via his family lawyer. I will not comment on details."
Glööckler and his life partner Schroth had been together for 35 years, and rumors of a separation had been circulating for about a year. According to various media reports, the fashion designer moved from their shared home in the Palatinate to Berlin after his participation in the Dschungelcamp. He also spoke about marital problems on the RTL show.
SS massacres in Oradour-sur-Glane: Last survivor dead
In the destroyed village northwest of Limoges, whose ruins have been preserved, a memorial center was established in 1999. France's President Emmanuel Macron had honored Hébras with the National Order of Merit a year ago. Macron said that Hébras had fought for freedom and defended the values of France. He had also contributed to German-French peace. The survivor had campaigned, among other things, for German-French youth encounters.
A curve for 14 houses: In Homeien, everyone knows everyone
LZ series Nordlippische Weiler: In Homeien, it is not uncommon for three or four generations to live under one roof. Here, residents find pure idyll. In the summer, up to 300 motorcycles per day race along the winding road between Niedermeien and Hillentrup - and some even go back again.
Deutsche Bank CEO Christian Sewing believes that further interest rate hikes are "absolutely" necessary in the fight against the high inflation rate. "The inflationary risks are still high. The costs of energy can easily rise again, and the opening of China can also give prices a temporary boost," Sewing told the "Welt am Sonntag".
The European Central Bank (ECB) raised interest rates in the eurozone for the fifth time in a row at the beginning of February and announced another increase of 0.5 percentage points for the meeting on 16 March. The interest rate in the eurozone is now 3.0 percent. The deposit rate that commercial banks receive when they park money at the ECB is 2.5 percent.
Higher interest rates make loans more expensive, which can slow down demand and thus counteract high inflation rates. Higher loan interest rates can also lead to postponed investments and thus weaker economic growth.
Even highly indebted euro states such as Italy are burdened by rising interest rates. "The consequences of sustained high inflation are much more serious than the higher financing costs for some countries," said Sewing. "Of course, we must keep this in mind, but a high level of debt must not prevent the ECB from acting consistently."
The ECB aims to achieve price stability in the eurozone in the medium term with an inflation rate of two percent. This target has been far away for months. Although the price increase weakened again in January, consumer prices in the currency area of the now 20 countries were still 8.5 percent above the level of the previous year.
Higher inflation rates reduce the purchasing power of consumers, as they can afford less for a euro. Strongly increased energy prices, which are a major driver of inflation, are also a burden for companies.
If inflation remains high, private consumption will "collapse sooner or later," warned Sewing, who is also president of the Federal Association of German Banks (BdB). "I currently see this as the greatest danger to the German economy. But I am optimistic that we can avoid this scenario."
Bosch CEO Stefan Hartung hopes for a broad debate on the "Germany speed" called for by Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) in infrastructure projects. "There will have to be a political and societal dialogue about it. And it may also be a bit more controversial," he told the German Press Agency in Stuttgart. He hopes that in the end, a set of rules will emerge, with which it will not necessarily have to go as fast as with the LNG terminals put into operation around the turn of the year - but not as slow as before either.
In mid-December, after ten months of planning and construction, the first German terminal for the import of liquefied natural gas (LNG) was opened. The aim was to close the gap in the gas supply due to the lack of Russian gas deliveries to some extent. Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) spoke of a new "Germany speed" on this occasion. In addition, the federal government had recently initiated an acceleration of approval procedures for wind turbines and power lines.
"First of all, it is very reassuring that the government acts so quickly when it comes down to it. However, this should not automatically mean that we will always act in such a categorical manner from now on and, for example, put a wind turbine in the neighbor's garden against their will," said Hartung. There must therefore still be a negotiation process, where we as a society can decide what is right and wrong.
In the past, they tried to use the classic rulebook and failed. "We should think again about whether the approach we have taken so far was the right one. Maybe we have overdone it with the rulebook and made it too complicated".
In view of the many unresolved tasks, such as the expansion of power lines, Hartung said he does not envy the federal government and the companies involved. "As a consumer of this energy, I need the expansion to happen and it should be as green as possible."
Trade union warns of the disintegration of the Bayer corporation
The chemical trade union IG BCE warns of a break-up of the company after an announced change in management at Bayer. "From the perspective of the employees, Bayer is exactly the right size with its three pillars to meet the challenges of the future," said Francesco Grioli, a member of the union's board and a member of Bayer's supervisory board, to the "Rheinische Post" (Saturday edition).
This refers to the pharmaceutical business with prescription drugs, the consumer health sector with non-prescription drugs, and the agricultural business. "The transformation of the industry can only be managed with a corporate policy based on risk diversification and sustainability - and not on hedge fund activism".
The background is the change in management announced on Thursday at the pharmaceutical and agrochemical company. The controversial CEO Werner Baumann will step down this summer. The former CEO of the Swiss rival Roche, Bill Anderson, is expected to take over at the beginning of June.
Baumann has been under criticism for a long time. The 2018 acquisition of the US seed producer Monsanto for 63 billion dollars is hanging over the manager. The purchase had brought the Leverkusen company expensive legal disputes about alleged cancer risks of the weed killer glyphosate. The Bayer share had been in free fall for years. In 2019, the shareholders even refused to grant the CEO discharge at the annual general meeting.
It had been known for some time that Baumann was not seeking to extend his contract, which was actually due to run until 2024. Long-term strategic investors had been putting pressure on him. Recently, several activist Anglo-Saxon investors such as Bluebell Capital have also been getting involved. According to a media report, Bluebell is pushing for the company to be split up.
The very small fund, with an unknown level of participation in Bayer, is known for its aggressive approach. A spin-off of the Consumer Health sector would be a possible way to increase the company's value, said Markus Manns, fund manager at Union Investment, to the "Rheinische Post". He does not, however, believe that a spin-off of the much larger Crop Science agricultural sector is feasible.
Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against pension reform
Paris
The French also want to take to the streets again on Saturday against the planned pension reform.
The unions are opposing a government plan with mass protests on the streets. Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against the pension reform again on Saturday.
In France, hundreds of thousands of people are expected to demonstrate against President Emmanuel Macron's planned pension reform on Saturday. For the fourth time, the unions are mobilizing against the plans of the center-right government to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64. Already twice, more than a million people took to the streets and there were nationwide strikes. Last Tuesday, 750,000 participants were counted at protests. A turbulent debate about the controversial reform has been taking place in parliament for a week.
Already now, many people in France work longer than until the age of 62, if they have not paid into their pension scheme for long enough by the time they reach retirement age. In many demanding professions, people could hardly work any longer, according to opponents of the reform. In addition, employees want to be able to enjoy their well-deserved retirement and not completely wear out their health at work.
Macron: Threatening deficit in pension fund
Macron justifies the reform with a threatened deficit in the pension fund. As the population is getting older, employees would have to cover the costs of an increasing number of pensioners with their contributions. In order to keep the level of the pension stable, the population would have to work a little more. The critics doubt the government's calculations and demand that the state find other sources of money to keep the pension system in balance.
However, the government wants to tighten not only the retirement age. The increase in the necessary contribution period for a full pension, which was already decided years ago, is to be accelerated. In addition, individual pension systems with privileges for certain professions are to be abolished. The minimum pension is to rise to around 1,200 euros.
The pension reform is considered one of President Macron's most important projects. During the Corona pandemic, an initial attempt to implement the reform was abandoned, and there were massive protests and strikes even then. Several presidents before Macron tried to reform the French pension system with varying degrees of success - there was always broad protest and strikes.
Since Macron's camp no longer has an absolute majority in parliament, it hopes to push through the reform with the help of the conservative Républicains, who have announced their support. However, some of the deputies - even from Macron's own party - still have reservations. And even greater than the fear of a close vote at the moment seems to be Macron's concern about paralyzing strikes. Before the renewed demonstrations on Saturday, the president said that he could count on the organizers to be responsible so that they would proceed calmly and would not lead to a blockade of the country.
Quiet weather expected - lots of sunshine in high altitudes
A powerful high-pressure area is located over Central Europe and is determining the weather in Germany. Does this mean that there will be a lot of sunshine everywhere?
Offenbach
In Germany, calm high-pressure weather is expected at least until the middle of the week. "When you look at the weather maps, a powerful high-pressure area directly over Central Europe immediately catches the eye," explains meteorologist Markus Übel from the German Weather Service on Saturday in Offenbach. "Although this high will shift slightly to the east over the course of the next week, it will still determine the weather in Germany."
However, calm high-pressure weather in winter does not necessarily mean sunny weather, says Übel. "Such a high can even be quite nasty and give people in the lowlands dreary, foggy gray for days on end, while there is pure sunshine in the uplands of the midlands".
In most regions, Sunday will start foggy and cloudy. According to the DWD, it may also rain from the Erzgebirge and Thüringer Forest to Lower Bavaria. Especially along the Alps, but also in the southwest and parts of the west, the cloud cover will lift throughout the day and the sun will appear more frequently. In the rest of the country, it will remain heavily cloudy or covered in high-level fog. Temperatures will reach 4 to 9 degrees, around 10 degrees near the Rhine.
"On Monday, the sun, which is gradually becoming stronger, will start to break through the high fog and be able to dissolve it more and more throughout the day," says the meteorologist. Sunshine is expected all day on the edge of the Alps, in the uplands of the midlands, and in parts of North Rhine-Westphalia. Elsewhere, it will have to fight its way through the high fog. The highest temperatures are expected to be between 5 and 9 degrees, with 11 degrees expected on the Lower Rhine, but only 3 degrees in the southeast, where it will remain permanently grey. There will be weak wind from different directions.
On Tuesday, there may be only slow clearing of fog or thick fog in some low-lying areas. Otherwise, the weather will be sunny after the fog clears. According to the forecasts, the sun will shine all day in the highlands, in large parts of NRW and on the edge of the Alps. The temperatures will rise to 5 to 11 degrees depending on the amount of sunshine.
Dominatorin is disappointed: Goggia will not win another World Cup medal
The favourite Sofia Goggia was visibly disappointed after her elimination in the downhill race at the alpine skiing world championships.
Méribel
"I am sad because I did not perform to the level I can," said the Italian on ZDF after she had set up a goal and was eliminated. The 30-year-old was able to prevent a potentially serious fall.
Goggia has been the dominant downhill skier in the World Cup for years. She has won four of the six previous season races in this discipline. After winning gold in Pyeongchang in 2018, she won silver at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing. Goggia, who is known for her risky driving style, still has to wait for a World Championship medal in her favorite discipline. She missed her home race in Cortina d'Ampezzo two years ago due to injury.
"I actually thought I was doing well. It was down to hundredths of a second," said Goggia after the surprise victory of Swiss skier Jasmine Flury in Méribel. "I am disappointed. I gave it my all. But that's life." Sometimes you believe things are guaranteed, she said about the medal that was expected by all experts and ultimately missed: "But they're not."
Girls missing in Berlin: Who has seen Viktoriya?
Viktoriya Stankovych has been missing since February 10.
Viktoriya Stankovych was last seen at the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station on Friday. The police is asking for information about her whereabouts.
Berlin. With the publication of a photo, the Berlin police are asking the public for help in the search for a missing child. The 12-year-old Viktoriya Stankovych is said to have left the grounds of her school together with other children in the direction of the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station at around 12:30 on February 10, 2023. She was last seen there at the S-Bahn station. The child has been a refugee in Berlin since April 2022 and has very limited knowledge of German and the local area.
Description of person: slim build
brown eyes
black, long hair with a ponytail
dressed in a long black jacket; dark trousers; pink ankle boots and a multicoloured striped scarf
carries a backpack
The criminal police of Police Directorate 1 (North) can be contacted on the telephone number (030) 4664 - 171 100 or any other police station.
Zelensky and ministers against Russia's participation in the Olympics
Kiev. With their demand for the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris, sports politicians from 35 nations have increased the pressure on the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
It was agreed at a joint telephone conference to draft a statement to prevent attempts to send athletes from Russia and Belarus back to international sporting events, the Lithuanian Ministry of Sports announced on its website.
"We demand the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from all international competitions, including the Olympic Games, as long as the war in Ukraine continues," said Minister Jurgita Šiugždinienė.
The video consultation had taken place at the initiative of Great Britain. It had been a very productive meeting, wrote British Sports Minister Lucy Frazer on Twitter. "And I made it very clear where Great Britain stands: As long as Putin continues his barbaric war, Russia and Belarus should not be represented at the Olympic Games. We will now issue a joint statement on this topic."
Previously, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky protested against the participation of athletes from Russia and Belarus in international competitions at an international video conference of sports ministers and other high-ranking representatives. "While Russia is killing and terrorizing, representatives of this terrorist state have no place in sports and Olympic competitions," said Zelensky. He published his speech on his Telegram channel. In the end, a neutral flag is also stained with blood and is not acceptable due to the Russian aggressive war.
Ukraine threatens with a boycott
Ukraine also sees Belarus as a party to the war, because the country provides Russian troops with military bases for attacks. Zelensky called on officials to work to protect the Olympic principles and prevent the admission of Russian athletes to the competitions. The president also renewed his criticism of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), which, he said, has "unfortunately lost its honesty".
The reason for the conference was the announcement by the IOC that it wanted to allow athletes from Russia and Belarus to participate in international competitions under certain conditions. Ukraine has also threatened to boycott if the IOC allows the athletes to compete.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior also takes a position
The Federal Ministry of the Interior, which is responsible for sports, subsequently stated that it had reiterated its position during the consultations, namely to reject the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes in Paris. "In our view, there is no reason to invite Russian and Belarusian athletes back into competition. Ukrainian athletes must continue to receive the full solidarity and support of the international sports community. The IOC's efforts to reinstate Russian and Belarusian athletes are the wrong way to go," a spokesperson for the Ministry of the Interior told dpa in response to a request for comment.
Interior Minister Nancy Faeser (SPD) emphasized at the end of January: "Sport should be clear in its condemnation of the brutal war that Putin is waging against the Ukrainian civilian population. Major sporting events do not take place in a vacuum." Russia, on the other hand, emphasizes that sport and politics must be kept separate.
Currently, Russia and Belarus are excluded from many international sporting competitions. However, the IOC is aiming for the return of athletes from both countries to the international sports stage under a neutral flag, provided they clearly commit to the Olympic Charter and do not actively support the war in Ukraine. IOC President Thomas Bach recently stated that exclusion "because of a passport or place of birth" violates the ban on discrimination.
Pointing out where it happens
"Hey, hot ass!" whistling at the woman in the tight sexy costume and calling out suggestive comments: all of this falls under the term "catcalling". Behind the term is nothing less than a form of verbal sexual harassment in public spaces.
Half of the vehicles lost? : USA see Moscow's tank stocks greatly depleted
Half of the vehicles lost? The US sees Moscow's tank stocks severely depleted
The Pentagon estimates that Russia has lost a significant number of tanks in Ukraine since the start of the war, with the loss of "half of its main stock".
The Russian army has lost half of its battle tanks in its attack on Ukraine, according to estimates by the US Department of Defense. "Probably half of the main stock of tanks" of the Russian army has been "destroyed or confiscated" by Ukraine, said Celeste Wallander, Under Secretary of State for International Security Affairs at the US Department of Defense.
Wallander did not provide any further details about the number of tanks seized and destroyed according to US estimates at an online event of the think tank Center for a New American Security.
In the coming weeks, Ukraine is set to receive battle tanks from several Western allies. Great Britain has promised to deliver Challenger-2 battle tanks to Kiev for March. Germany plans to deliver a battalion of Leopard-2 tanks to Ukraine in a coalition with other states by April. The United States have also promised a battalion of 31 Abrams battle tanks. However, their delivery is expected to take much longer.
Russia wants to catch up
In response to Western military aid, former Kremlin chief Dmitri Medvedev promised to build and modernize thousands of tanks. "As we know, our enemy abroad has been begging for planes, missiles, and tanks," said Medvedev, who is now deputy head of the Russian Security Council, during a visit to a tank factory in the Siberian city of Omsk. "It is clear that it is essential for us in this case to increase the production of various types of weapons and military technology - including modern tanks."
A law has been in force in Russia since last summer, which allows the economy to be more closely aligned with the needs of the army. This means that individual industries can be obliged to supply the armed forces.
Turmoil over the filling of posts in the army
This is because the position that the former director of the Army History Museum (HGM), Christian Ortner, will hold in the future was not advertised. The personnel representative of the Academy, Herwig Jedlaucnik, suspects post corruption and misuse of office. Defense Minister Klaudia Tanner (ÖVP) defends the action.
A tender is not necessary because the appointment is for a job that is currently vacant, said the minister. She did not want to comment on "speculations by a liberal personnel representative". Ortner was replaced at the head of the HGM last year after 17 years in the position. In addition to criticism of the museum's handling of Austria's military past, he was confronted with serious mobbing allegations. These are, in Tanner's view, resolved.
Jedlaucnik also doubts the suitability of Ortners expertise. Ornter is an expert on the First World War and the wars of the monarchy, but the institute deals with current issues in security policy.
The SPÖ is demanding that Tanner provide clarification about the "unusual appointment process". The decision was tainted by the "appearance of post-sharing", says SPÖ spokesperson Robert Laimer. The Neos are calling on Tanner to withdraw the appointment. The ÖVP is "still up to its neck in the corruption swamp", said Douglas Hoyos, spokesperson for national defense. He announced a parliamentary inquiry on the topic.
Carnival: The first fools are forced to the knees by costs
Thuringia's carnival stronghold of Wasungen wants to stick to the traditional carnival parade, unlike the state capital. However, the higher costs, including for security, are difficult to manage in Wasungen, says carnival president Marcel Kißling. The funds alone for this make up about half of the calculated total costs for the parade.
In Brandenburg, there are no carnival parades. The "Parade of the Happy People" in Cottbus, probably once again the largest in East Germany, will take place for the first time after the pandemic. No parades have been cancelled for the Swabian-Alemannic carnival either.
Marne, the carnival capital of Schleswig-Holstein, is sticking to the traditional parade despite the increased costs. "We are going ahead with our event," says the president of the carnival society, Heiko Claußen. But even here, financial worries are being felt: If more sponsors are not found or the existing ones do not contribute more, reserves would have to be tapped - "this cannot be done every year". The current deficit: around 200,000 euros.
And inflation: There is a price increase of up to 60 percent for some sweets, says Elvira Reuther from the Nürnberger Fastnachtszug support association. By chance, too much was ordered in 2020, which is why there is still enough stock this time. However, it is already certain that the parade will be more expensive this time. Twice as many people will be needed for security as in 2020.
Anyone standing on the edge of the road during the carnival parade in the Rhineland could get fewer sweets than before. Because sweets have become more expensive, some parade participants do not have as many with them. Candy or not, the number of visitors is likely to be high: "I believe that if it does not rain on that day, we can certainly expect an increased number of visitors," says Holger Kirsch, the carnival leader from Cologne. "This is due to the fact that there was no regular carnival parade for two years. The parade cannot be replaced by anything."
The organizing committee in Cologne does not comment in detail on the costs. However, the train is generally "deficitary", which is no secret.
The Ukraine Diary: Dreams and homemade vodka
The Ukrainians are not without reason known for their love of drinking. There is local beer such as Obolon from Kiev or beer from Lviv. I always discover German beer here. No Kulmbacher, but other large breweries such as Krombacher or Warsteiner. I can't really detect any major difference in taste. The same applies to vodka, which is widely available. They mainly distill it in the villages themselves. They call it Samargon. No one knows exactly how much of it is consumed in the former Soviet republics. A few years ago, the Minister of Health in Russia claimed that consumption had fallen by an incredible 80 percent in five years. Well, you can see that you can't really believe the Russians. It is said that tourists should be careful with it. But that only applies if they go to the mass sales. Then they are probably also being cheated.
FC Hansa Rostock rewards itself for its hard work: "Luck on our side in the match"
Eating and drinking
If you want to celebrate the weekend with cocktails or have a beer after work, there are great places to do so in Rostock and Warnemünde. The restaurant scene offers many locations for after-work meetings or warming up before club parties. Where is the best place? A look at the Google reviews shows it.
Biathlon World Cup: Federal President sees favourite win and praises Oberhof
Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his wife Elke Büdenbender are welcomed at the arena by chimney sweep master Tobias Böttger and the Oberhof mascot "Flocke"
Oberhof. The German biathletes had nothing to do with the medal distribution at the World Sprint in Oberhof. However, there were two glimmers of hope in the fog.
No matter how hard the Federal President tried, it was not possible to tell from the VIP stand on Saturday whether the panes at the shooting range really fell. "I had to get the results on my phone," Frank-Walter Steinmeier said with a smile, referring to the fog that kept drifting into the stadium and greatly impaired the view of the race for the spectators on the Rennsteig.
Steinmeier nevertheless enjoyed the visit to the 10 km sprint race at the Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof, and received numerous tips from the Olympic champions Frank Ullrich and Peter Sendel: "Since the Olympic Games in South Korea, when Laura Dahlmeier won gold in the first race, I have been fascinated by biathlon," he revealed, and also praised Oberhof for its modernized sports facilities: "The newly renovated arena is great and offers ideal conditions. The athletes say the same - with thanks to those who have been working on this since the World Championships were awarded here." In terms of sustainability, the location is now "a step ahead" of many others, and therefore "secure for the next few years and even decades."
Once again, the Norwegian Johannes Thingnes Bö outran the competition. Despite a penalty lap after a shooting error, he secured his sixth victory in the sixth sprint of the winter in 23:21.7 minutes - and thus his second World Championship title in Oberhof. Behind him, his brother Tarjei, who shot flawlessly (14.8 seconds behind), and Sturla Holm Lägreid (1 penalty lap/39.9 seconds) as well as Johannes Dale (1/43.6) completed the Norwegian quadruple victory.
The local ski hunters were unable to get involved in the battle for the medals a day after Denise Herrmann-Wicks' triumph. After a shooting error and with a deficit of 1:04.8 minutes, Johannes Kühn finished in eighth place as the best German. World Championship debutant Justus Strelow shot flawlessly and became twelfth (1:14.6). Two glimmers of hope behind the grey veil. On the other hand, Benedikt Doll once again disappointed. After his disastrous mixed team effort on Wednesday, the Black Forest native this time left five targets standing and disappeared as the disappointed and comment-free 55th place in the cabin.
Bö started the race in front of 14,300 spectators and manifested this status despite the complicated visibility conditions. However: In his last two standing shots, he had the luck of the skilled; they landed on the edge of the discs and still fell. The 29-year-old then enjoyed the award ceremony together with his five-year-older brother: "It is the best feeling to stand here with him," said the world champion: "We are the best family, the best brothers, the best athletes."
There is hardly any doubt that the Norwegians will also dominate the pursuit on Sunday. In the women's race, however, the German hopes rest on Herrmann-Wick. "If you start as number one, the goal is not to finish in tenth place. There is only full throttle and attack, to defend the number one spot," Sport Director Felix Bitterling put his "locomotive" to the test. The organizers expect an almost sold-out arena for the double event (13.25 and 15.30 hours/ZDF and Eurosport live).
Brych is not pleased with the "bee swarm" on the pitch
Felix Brych - Referee Felix Brych decides on the referee ball.
Aggressive players or grumbling coaches? Germany's referees want to "consistently punish unsporting behavior". Referee chief Fröhlich points out a role model function.
German top referee Felix Brych has identified negative trends in the way players interact on the pitch. "I think there are new behaviours from the players, who surround the referee with decisions a bit like a swarm of bees and try to push him into the review area," the 47-year-old told the German Press Agency. "We discussed this during the winter break. We have decided that we do not want to accept such unsporting behaviour. We will pay more attention to this again - and will also sanction it."
Two coaches were also given red cards. Mainz coach Bo Svensson was sent off in the cup defeat against FC Bayern. Freiburg coach Christian Streich was given a red card for his team's league defeat in Dortmund. "The coaches' behaviour also falls into the category of unsportsmanship. We have noticed that unsportsmanship has also increased in this area, that the behaviour towards referees has become a bit more demanding or aggressive. We also want to consistently punish such unsportsmanship," said Brych.
DFB referee chief Lutz Michael Fröhlich pointed out a generally good relationship between coaches and referees. "Overall, the relationship is good. There are reactions, followed by consistent counter-reactions. The person affected must then live with that. That shouldn't be a big deal," Fröhlich told the German Press Agency.
"Emotions can certainly lead to conflicts during the course of the game. But if emotions spill over into personal insults, then you have to accept that the appropriate measures must be taken by the referee," said Fröhlich. In the most recent cases, the parties involved have cleared things up afterwards. "The only thing that would be important is if there were a process of reflection overall, so that such behavior simply would not be tolerated," said Fröhlich on the sidelines of an event of the Association of German Sports Journalists in Munich.
The 65-year-old pointed out possible effects at a different level. "Of course, incidents from professional football always have an impact. There is a role model effect, which results in imitation. In the most recent cases in the Bundesliga, the referees have consistently reacted to negative behavior," said Fröhlich. "Regardless of the consistent interpretation of the rules in the game, a clarifying conversation, with an exchange of perspectives between the referees and those affected, is always helpful."
Combiner Oftebro wins in Schonach
The victory was secured by the Norwegian Jens Luraas Oftebro after a jump from the normal hill and the ten kilometre long cross-country ski race, ahead of the overall leader from Austria, Johannes Lamparter. Third place went to Kristjan Ilves from Estonia.
The German combined athletes are not at their best in the Black Forest. Beijing Olympic champion Vinzenz Geiger, Eric Frenzel, and Johannes Rydzek are not there. They are preparing for the World Championships, which will take place from February 21 to March 5 in Planica, Slovenia, with training in Oberstdorf. "We have three world-class athletes at home. The team naturally feels that," said team coach Hermann Weinbuch on ZDF.
Seven people lightly injured after a collision on the A5
Seven people, including two children, were slightly injured in a collision involving four vehicles on the A5 motorway near Hemsbach (Rhein-Neckar-Kreis). According to a police statement, the rear-end collision occurred on Saturday when a car driver hit a vehicle from behind in a slight traffic jam and pushed it into two other cars. The full closure of the lanes in the direction of Heidelberg was lifted after about an hour and a half.
Finissage at the Marl Sculpture Museum
The exhibition was created by the initiators Sebastian Freytag (left) and Georg Elben (right), who are standing in front of the artist Christian Freudenberger's wall painting.
On Sunday, February 12, an unusual exhibition will come to an end at the Marl Sculpture Museum. For the finale, there will be some extras.
The final event for the exhibition "Wandgebunden" will take place on Sunday, February 12th, at 3 pm in the transitional quarters of the Marl Sculpture Museum in Georg-Herwegh-Straße 63-67. In three exhibition rooms, two large-format wall paintings will draw attention in each room.
After the exhibition, the walls will be painted over and the artworks will disappear. However, a catalogue will document the works created specifically for the Marl Museum. It will be presented by the two curators, Georg Elben and Sebastian Freytag, on February 12.
For the final event, Dr. Friederike Schuler will also give a lecture on wall-bound art in the service of the community. Using numerous examples, she will present the special features of wall painting from the Weimar Republic and ask about the connections to this art form in the Federal Republic, with a focus on NRW from the 1950s to the 1970s.
Dr. Friederike Schuler is a freelance art historian and curator who earned her doctorate in 2013 on the wall paintings of the Weimar Republic. Since then, she has been researching architectural art as well as the history of art and institutions in post-war Germany, most recently with Sebastian Freytag on art in construction in NRW. After the lecture, the final curator-led tour of the exhibition will take place. The artists will be present.
Arrest warrants after building collapses in Turkey
It is about structural defects that have contributed to the collapse of buildings: In the Turkish earthquake region, the judicial authorities have issued arrest warrants against dozens of suspects.
Istanbul. Dozens of arrest warrants have been issued in southern Turkey after building collapses during the earthquake. In the city of Diyarbakir, around 33 people have been issued arrest warrants, reported the state news agency Anadolu on Saturday, citing prosecutors. The defendants are said to be responsible for construction defects that may have contributed to the collapse of the buildings.
According to Anadolu, the public prosecutor's office in Adana is also investigating possible construction defects in collapsed buildings. As part of these investigations, 62 arrest warrants have been issued so far, it was reported. One of the defendants was reportedly arrested at Istanbul airport. He allegedly tried to travel to Montenegro with cash and is now in custody pending investigation. Nine other people were arrested in the cities of Sanliurfa and Osmaniye, Anadolu reported.
Early Monday morning, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.7 shook the Turkish-Syrian border region, followed by another earthquake with a magnitude of 7.6 in the afternoon. More than 7,500 buildings collapsed in Turkey alone.
Former East German Prime Minister Hans Modrow has died
Hans Modrow is dead, the Left Party in the Bundestag announced. The 95-year-old died in the night before Saturday. Fraction Chairman Dietmar Bartsch praised the former SED functionary and later PDS and Left politician as a "deeply sincere socialist".
Last night, "Hans Modrow passed away at the age of 95," the Left Party in the Bundestag announced on Saturday. The party is therefore losing "an important personality," explained the party's chairman Dietmar Bartsch and the former party leader Gregor Gysi.
In the 1970s, Hans Modrow became the 1st Secretary of the SED district leadership in Dresden. As Minister President, he accompanied the end of the GDR. Only four days after the fall of the Berlin Wall, on November 13, 1989, he became the Chairman of the GDR Council of Ministers - for about 150 days. In the Volkskammer elections on March 18, 1990, the SED/PDS lost power and Modrow lost his office a month later. He was succeeded as the last Minister President of the GDR until reunification by the CDU politician Lothar de Maizière.
The chairman of the Left Party, Dietmar Bartsch, described Modrow in a message on the microblogging service Twitter as a "deeply sincere and combative socialist". Bartsch added:
"Right up to old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
"The entire peaceful course of the reunification of Germany was a particular achievement of his. That will remain his political legacy," wrote Bartsch and Gysi in their obituary. It also says:
"His later work in the Volkskammer, the Bundestag, the European Parliament and as honorary chairman of the PDS always consisted of representing even those parts of the former East German population who did not want it and whose interests were regularly violated."
After reunification, Modrow sat in the German Bundestag for the PDS from 1990 to 1994 and represented them in the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
According to a report by the German Press Agency (dpa), Modrow viewed the new state "quite critically". German unity was achieved too quickly, the GDR was swallowed up too unconditionally, and it was condemned as an "unjust state" too one-sidedly, Modrow criticized in many interviews, according to dpa.
What happened in the night
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky condemns Russian rocket attacks. Meanwhile, Kiev must carry out repairs to the power grid.
Kiev - The latest wave of Russian rocket attacks is forcing emergency repairs to the Ukrainian energy network. However, Ukraine is also attacking Russian positions. Several thermal and hydroelectric power plants have been damaged, said the head of the energy supplier Ukrenerho, Volodymyr Kudryzkyj, on Friday evening on Ukrainian television. The power supply is particularly bad in the Charkiw region. Due to the instability in the Ukrainian power grid, a reactor block had to be shut down at the Chmelnyzkyj nuclear power plant, and production was curtailed at the Riwne and Southern Ukraine nuclear power plants.
President Volodymyr Zelensky condemned the Russian attack with about 100 rockets and cruise missiles on Friday as terrorism. In a video message, however, he told his countrymen how much support Ukraine had received on its trip to London, Paris, and Brussels this week.
Selenskyj does not want to leave the small town of Bachmut in the lurch
War has been raging for a year since February 24. US President Joe Biden announced a visit to Poland, an important supporter of Ukraine, shortly before the anniversary. The danger from Russian missile attacks continued into the night before Saturday. In the capital Kiev, air raid alarms were sounded for the fifth time that day late on Friday evening. "An attack with drones is threatened," the military administration of the Kiev region announced. Combat drones of Iranian design were also spotted and shot down over the areas of Mykolajiw and Odessa in the south.
Deutsche Bahn: The government has chosen an advisor for the network company
Demands from the FDP and the Greens, among others, to split it off during the election campaign failed due to the coalition partner SPD. In the coalition agreement, a compromise was agreed upon with an infrastructure company, which, however, should be geared towards the common good in the future. This means that it does not need to generate and distribute profits.
Backlog of 80 billion euros in renovation
The two consulting firms are supposed to help the government to monitor this process. The backlog of repairs to the rail network is a major reason why the trains are currently running very late. Transport Minister Wissing has made it his mission to eliminate this problem by carrying out comprehensive repairs to entire railway corridors. The investments required for this have so far been estimated at 50 billion euros. According to recent calculations by the railway company, they are actually closer to 80 billion euros.
Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof 2023 - Gold for Denise Herrmann-Wick: "Can someone please pinch me?"
Apparently, the external circumstances did not work in Herrmann-Wick's favor. She said after the race that she had slept poorly, was "totally excited", her pulse had not slowed down even when she entered the arena. "A race like this", and at the home World Championships, "you can't describe it with words", she said. 11,000 spectators cheered to the thundering schlager music with German flags, coaches and team members fell into each other's arms.
"Enjoy biathlon", that was what she had set out to do
The pressure had been particularly high for Herrmann-Wick. The 34-year-old had started the World Championships as the biggest, if not the only, German medal hope outside of the relay teams. Herrmann-Wick has won two World Cups this winter, the only German to do so. She currently holds fifth place in the overall World Cup. And even though the performance density among the women at the top is significantly higher than among the men, where Johannes Thingnes Bø and his Norwegians currently dominate, there were others who were expected to win this sprint.
Criticism of the government - Bishop in Nicaragua sentenced to 26 years in prison
The bishop is a prominent critic of the left-leaning head of state. He accuses Ortega of suppressing religious freedom. Relations between the Nicaraguan government and the Catholic Church have been severely strained since 2018. At that time, demonstrators demanding Ortega's resignation took refuge in churches. More than 350 people died in the protests in 2018. Thousands of people left the Central American country in the following years, often out of fear of repression or arrest. President Ortega accuses the Catholic clergy of conspiring with the US government to overthrow him.
Bundeswehr: The arms industry demands more orders from the special fund
The first arms projects have therefore already been cancelled, and further projects are threatened with the same fate, as reported by "Welt am Sonntag". It is currently not possible to say which investments would specifically be cut. "There is no need to assign specific procurement measures to a potential need for savings at this point in time," reads a response from the German government to a question from Bundestag member Ingo Gädechens (CDU).
The reason for the declining investment sum is the rising interest rates. The special fund, which was fully financed by loans and approved by the Bundestag in June 2022, must bear the interest costs for the loans itself. If these rise, there is less money available for specific purchases for the Bundeswehr. In addition, the current high inflation is reducing the purchasing power of the remaining sum.
Kupferzell: Accident with 3 injured
In the night from Friday to Saturday (10.02.-11.02.), at around 01.40 a.m., a 24-year-old BMW driver, coming from Kupferzell, wanted to drive onto the motorway in the direction of Heilbronn at the Kupferzell motorway exit. At this time, a 21-year-old VW driver was driving on the B 19 in the direction of Künzelsau, as the police reported. During the BMW driver's turning maneuver, there was a collision between the two vehicles.
Both parties involved in the accident stated that the traffic light system installed at the accident site showed "green" for them. A check of the traffic light system revealed no issues. Further investigations are ongoing. The 24-year-old, the 21-year-old, and the passenger in the BMW were each slightly injured in the accident and had to be taken to a hospital. The two cars sustained a total of approximately 20,000 euros in damage.
Schlossplatz Stuttgarter commemorate the victims of the earthquake disaster
Many people in Stuttgart followed the call of the Ditib mosque community in Feuerbach on Friday evening.
Tens of thousands of people have died in the earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria. There is a lot of sympathy - also in Stuttgart.
The earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria is preoccupying the world. On Friday evening, more than 200 people gathered on Stuttgart's Schlossplatz to remember the victims and pray for them.
Many community members followed the call of the Ditib mosque community in Feuerbach, both young and old, women and men. They all listened seriously and in silence to the imam's prayer. In the prayer, the imam asked Allah for help for the people in the affected areas, so that they could also overcome this disaster. He asked, among other things, for health, protection from plagues, and for respectful treatment of one another. The community also asked for assistance and strength "to bring our help to the areas affected by the earthquake".
Ditib stands by the people in Turkey and Syria. The speakers expressed their sympathy for the victims and the relatives of the more than 22,000 victims at the time of the memorial event. The prayers were also translated into German on the castle square.
The solidarity of Muslims in Germany with the victims of the earthquakes in the Turkish-Syrian border region is great. The fundraising campaign of the German Islamic Association Turkish-Islamic Union (Ditib) has already raised several million euros.
The Alevi community in Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt has collected material donations in Glockenstraße for several days, which are to be brought to the earthquake regions by truck. The willingness to help was also overwhelming there.
Hiking with meat filling - Ebersberg
"After eating, you should rest or take a thousand steps"... The older generation knows the saying, the younger generation simply puts it into practice. In any case, during the pandemic years, the good old digestive walk has experienced an unprecedented renaissance. Because who, thanks to home office, is not sitting in the middle of a desert of stone, but rather just a stone's throw away from fields, forests, and meadows, now uses the lunch break either after the quick snack in front of the screen or instead for a walk in the fresh air. At least that is the impression one could get around Lake Egglburger See, where between 12 and 2 p.m. not only dog owners are hanging out.
One reason could of course be that people in modern times can combine the health-promoting supply of fresh air with other things as part of optimum use of time slots. After all, why not use a short walk through nature to find out from the neighbor who you haven't seen in a long time about the latest news from the settlement? Or to meet a friend with whom you never manage to go to the cinema, not even to the old cinema? In this way, work and private life could also be combined - who says that the appointment with a tax consultant, lawyer or investment advisor can't take place outdoors? Provided there are no nearby foreign ears, of course.
What you can also do very well is buy souvenirs. Fresh fruit, for example, which is sitting on a table by the side of the road along with some cheese. Or potatoes and meat. The only downside is if you haven't already thought about buying them and made the appropriate arrangements. An elderly couple in Hinteregglburg leaves the farmer's wooden sales room empty-handed and with regret in their voices. "Too bad, we forgot to bring money."
One can sympathize with the disappointment, as one does indeed have a companion with a wallet, but not a transport container. This is something the sympathetic stranger lets one know. To which the man replies: "That's not true! You do have a bag with you!" He points to the hood of the jacket, which one quickly put on before leaving the house, even though the sunshine makes an additional head covering unnecessary. "My wife always puts everything in there!"
And so it happens that you set off on the return journey with a meat filling and on this midday excursion you have not only gained a lamb fillet, but also a very practical idea. It is quite possible that on this day a second walk will be necessary - after dinner. This time actually for digestion.
Trapped and seriously injured
At around 9 p.m., the 25-year-old was driving his Audi on the county road towards Hailfingen and, for as yet unknown reasons, veered off the road to the right in a left-hand bend, according to the police report. The Audi hit a traffic sign, collided sideways with a tree and came to a stop a few meters away. The collision trapped the driver in his car. The fire department freed him with heavy equipment. The emergency services took the seriously injured man to hospital. Since there was a suspicion of driving while intoxicated, a blood sample was taken. According to the police report, the Audi suffered total damage worth 1,000 euros.
Donald Trump's tax records: a point for the rule of law
The US Department of Justice has decided: The financial authority must hand over the former president's tax returns to parliament.
Trump in 2018, still in office as President of the United States
The Ministry of Finance must order the tax authority IRS to release the confidential documents to the Finance and Tax Committee, the ministry's decision from Friday stated.
In contrast to political practices in the USA, the real estate entrepreneur Trump did not make his tax return public either as a candidate or later as president. He fought against its release all the way to the Supreme Court. A prosecutor's office in New York has now received the documents, but no details were allowed to be made public from them - unless a trial were to take place.
The release to Congress is probably more sensitive for Trump: There, the circle of those authorized to access the information is slightly larger and, under certain conditions, certain details could be published during the course of the committee's investigation. In addition, confidential information is always leaking from the parliament.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, immediately welcomed the decision as a "victory for the rule of law". Access to the Republican's tax records is a matter of national security, she wrote on Twitter. "The American people deserve to know the facts about his conflicts of interest and his undermining of our security as president," Pelosi explained.
Cabaret in the Bastion: Between birth and death, life plays on
Kirchheim. Pasta or pizza? Samsung or Apple? Which mobile phone contract among the many offers? Stay or quit? Either - or? People today are rushing from one appointment to another, sometimes just shoving people and hamburgers in between. Lucy van Kuhl shows in her new program that the "in-between" state has something exciting about it.
In a humorous and thought-provoking way, Lucy van Kuhl tells and sings about situations from life. In her sensitive ballads and snappy cabaret songs, she gets to the heart of things - and there is more than meets the eye. The show starts on Saturday, February 18th, at 8:30 pm at the Kirchheim club Bastion.
British serious criminal caught after long flight in Thailand
London - After five years on the run, a convicted drug criminal from Great Britain has been arrested in Thailand. As the British Criminal Police NCA announced on Saturday, the man was arrested by Thai police officers on Friday in a car workshop in Bangkok. The 55-year-old was on the "Most Wanted" list of the criminals most wanted by the NCA.
According to authorities, the leader of a criminal group fled in early 2018 before the start of a trial in which he was sentenced to eleven years in prison in absentia for attempting to import amphetamines worth eight million pounds (nine million euros).
Encounters at the church table
Bielefeld
What is served will remain a secret beforehand. After all, people should primarily come to the Vesper Church to meet others, not because something specific is on the menu. This Sunday it starts, then the Neustadt Mary Church will be a dining hall for two weeks.
Cabaret - Stories from the Big Apple
Vince Ebert has a mission: The physicist from Lower Franconia, who has been living in Vienna for three years and, according to his own statements, loves Viennese humor, uses his cabaret programs to champion science. This is reflected in the programmatic title of his current solo show, "Make Science Great Again". Whether this fits in well with the generally prevailing skepticism towards science at home is a moot point. His humor, however, fits very well in Vienna.
The English-language title is also derived from Eberts' recent life story, as he tried to establish himself as a stand-up comedian in New York for a year in 2019. But now he is back and he is not only telling his German-speaking audience about his experiences abroad, but he is also explaining what Wissenaft actually is and what it can and cannot do. Of course, Corona comes up, but so does German thoroughness in the toilet and American engineering skills.
And he breaks it down to the most important question that many people avoid: What is really important? All of this with a huge wink, unpretentious and very ironic. And so not only are you entertained, but you can also learn something.
Please go for typing... it doesn't take long, it doesn't hurt and it can save many people's lives.
My phone rings with an unknown number. I answer. This woman is the honest finder of her purse.
The Nordcon team continues: "In contrast to our old location, we now have very few stairs.
MP Pfeiffer refers to climate protection as a substitute religion. This may even be true, because I love this planet and its civilization more than any abstract god
Ten firefighters and two police officers were injured, some seriously, in the explosion.
I can dismiss it all as harmless eccentricity. You don't do that to children.
It's good that for decades, city politics has been touting the advantages and never questioning them.
Peace and security in the time of change? On Monday, May 15 at 6:00 p.m., the Solidarity Church, the Peace Plenum, and the Evangelical City Academy invite you to a lecture and discussion event at the Evangelical University on the topic of "Peace and security in the time of change?"
I really don't understand why they don't do these events on Sunday or not in the city.
What is the #Railway actually doing to drive customers away and further tarnish its image?!
Brilliant how well #LuisaNeubauer puts it. We need people like this. Thank you Luisa!
Microtransactions in Diablo IV: Blizzard reveals details and prices of monetization <URL> #DiabloIV #ActivisionBlizzard
After the political crisis and new elections in 2020, politicians of all colours are travelling to Germany together for the first time (!).
I'm looking forward to meeting people there and getting to know them;-)
Party colleague Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is eleven, as is the Ministry of Education under Anja Karliczek, who is also a CDU minister.
So that's really nothing new, it's like that with every electronic ticket. Check-in/checkout is at a different house number.
Certainly not a reason to do anything about tax evasion of 150 billion euros per year alone in Germany.
Is anyone playing #wortify and has found the word with all the letters today? If so, please let me know, that's driving me crazy right now.
I haven't written anything for a long time, the search for a suitable job has taken up all my resources for a long time.
Dunja #Hayali will moderate the Aktuelle Sportstudio for the last time next Saturday: <URL>
If the city sets up these bicycle routes in the secondary network, he is also against it. Can the man ever make a decision?
Actually, I wanted to grab my camera and go for a walk. What's going on? It's raining.
After a serious accident or other traumatic event, those affected are often in shock. How can you help someone who is in psychological shock?
Digital exclusion: a new form of discrimination - The full documentary
With me: I always need a bottle of water by my bed. If there is more in the bottle, I usually don't drink any or at most two to three sips.
This is the third nationwide warning strike: 50 railway and transport companies want to strike again from Sunday to Tuesday next week.
I only ever get #voice messages from one very good friend. Then I make myself a coffee, light a cigarette and listen. It's always very entertaining. He's the only one who's allowed to do that.
Tomorrow I can finally hand in my computer for repair and then the outlook is quite good that I can work again sometime in June. Hey, at least there is a perspective!
The plenary is called upon to follow this idea; this principle must also be enshrined in the #CyberResilienceAct and the #ProductLiabilityDirective.
Single-use or reusable? The Environmental Aid Association recommends reusable, while Lidl uses a single-use system. However, other factors come into play, such as short transport routes.
The EPP group in the EU Parliament wants to undermine central components of the EU Commission's Green Deal, such as the pesticide regulation and the law on the restoration of nature.
Software problems: Polestar delays production start and cuts staff - <URL>
I have the day off tomorrow because there is no trailer lettering and not much urgent work to do. It's a Friday that deserves its name!
I bought all of this from System Matters, I just prefer PDFs. Currently, I am working on the Black Sword Hack.
Dear readers, dear followers, If so, how much does it cost? Are there any special conditions? If not, is such a variant still planned? Thank you very much to you all!
A new episode of Hasophonie: "The Illusion of Justice. How we do ourselves and others an injustice."
And anyone who cannot understand the panic of the people is not reading enough @IPCC_CH@twitter.com reports.
A microphone, energy-efficient and inspired by nature
A British research group is using 3D printing to develop biomimetic sound recording systems, based on the senses of the small wax moth.
This was preceded by fierce political disputes, including over Willy Brandt's (SPD) general East policy.
I'm not really a fan of elephants myself, but maybe there are still a few fans here.
What I wanted to say. I am happy to answer any question if I can answer it.
10 years ago, I read "Biohacking - Gentechnik aus der Garage". It's a cool and exciting book.
There are farmers in #Ukraine who own more Russian tanks.
It's a Thursday, but this time it's a regular #jazz concert taking place tonight at the #jazzhaus #heidelberg.
I want an orange network card! What color do you have/want?
The preventive examination as a crucial measuring point in the course of time.
How detached and contemptuous can one actually be? If you have a heart attack at the end of the month, please stay at home until your account is replenished or your GP is available. I am already looking forward to the debate on this motion! Health Minister Lauterbach, on the other hand, is not.
Several firefighters and police officers were seriously injured in an explosion in #Ratingen. According to the @rponline-Ticker and NRW-IM Reul, there are vague indications that the man was close to Corona deniers in his thoughts. He was wanted on an arrest warrant.
Specifically from a star: the sun, its protuberances, but above all from how much of the energy that comes to us from it we let in and get rid of, and at what level.
All jokes are made
And we laughed a lot. The sound fades away softly
On the way home. The applause sounds foreign. Who was actually applauded? Or was it pleasant for us?
To see only the others in what is said? To see ourselves in them...
hmmm, before touching cyclists, one must call "En garde" loudly and clearly.
Hello Julia, I hope you enjoyed your funeral and the burial of your urn.
"A brief history of religion from anthropogenic climate change: From the myth of eternal carbon dioxide or how elegant theories become gospels when they threaten to fail in earthly practice."
The further expansion of the federal police as an instrument of repressive isolationist policies will not be improved by a few control certificates. But for the first time, there will also be a #labeling obligation and control certificates against #racial profiling.
Sovereign Storm of Grailknights live on stage at Colos-Saal Aschaffenburg, 1 April 2023.
New legal opinion sees chat control as incompatible with EU fundamental values. Despite this, the Commission continues.
... and one more update, I found the email locally on a notebook. The house doesn't lose anything! I can always rely on my digital messaging system.
If you have enough money, you can also demand this. The economy will be happy.
Healthy materials were used in the construction, and resource-saving construction was taken into account.
So, according to the current planning, I will be driving electric, possibly, from September onwards. We'll see how many times the construction date is postponed until then....
Human rights organizations are now sounding the alarm: freedom of choice is in danger.
Moitzfeld: Discussion about a new kindergarten <URL> #radioberg #bergischesland #news #localnews #nrw #oberberg #rheinberg #news
The Federal Public Prosecutor's Office is refusing to investigate.
Grandpa, bury, principle, what you need, you take out of the ground what you want to get rid of, you put it back in the ground.
But even on the Feldberg, with just under two degrees, it's not quite "ice". Let's see how it is at Schluchsee on Sunday.
Are there any people from Generation Z here in the #Fediverse or on the instance NRW.social?
Understandable, such a spectacle of goals has not been seen here for a long time!
I spoke to people a few days ago who criticized exactly this about "politics".
Where do you want me to work so that you don't go bankrupt? What do you pay? Can I work from home? And I want a 4-day week.
Train strike: Will I still get to my destination after 10 p.m. on Sunday? - Deutsche Bahn assumes that train traffic will run until the start of the warning strike on Sunday. But what if travelers are not yet at their destination?
Hacking & Pentest Hardware Presentation at the Police
I was invited to present the most important tools to the aspiring police officers.
Great book: the maid. By Nita Prose. Crime novel with interesting protagonists and an unexpected perspective. Exciting until the end.
NBA: Stephen Curry with 27 points, Warriors beat Lakers - Highlights, Boxscore, Statistics: <URL> #basketball #nba
At Hertha, this is still uncertain, a victory against the last-place team from Berlin is in the air.
Now I have to tell you a nice story for a while.
I absolutely did not expect to receive a paper train ticket by post.
The number of sick leave cases among care staff has risen sharply from 2021 to 2022. How is this possible? " According to data from Techniker Krankenkasse (TK), which are available to the Evangelical Press Service, sick leave cases increased by 40 percent compared to 2021.
"The level of workload, particularly in nursing, is also shown by a report from the German Trade Union Confederation (DGB).
Transgender: Does not identify with the gender assigned at birth.
The 2020 US election: still "stolen". His interviewer: "mean". One day after his conviction for sexual abuse, Donald Trump appears on CNN to answer questions from a moderator and the audience.
Budget policy: Tax revenues lower than expected
This will make the budget negotiations more difficult.
Perhaps the search engine and Google Assistant will finally understand that they do not need to show people how to cook with meat.
A #PopClip extension that allows you to color mark text in #Obsidian ... <URL>
#FAV2023 After a #Coaching session and the lunch break, the #Digital mentors continue
"Batteries from scrapped #ElectricCars are often not yet fully depleted. In a pilot project, they are used to store #renewableEnergy and to compensate for fluctuations in the power grid."
#Democracy has also generated broad prosperity so far. We will see what a democracy is worth if it no longer means prosperity.
Arrived at the #Amtrak station in Providence, Rhode Island.
It is a good idea to rebuild this work of art in order to get rid of this straight line of concrete slabs. I plan to do so.
Google's pretty thickly applied AI power demonstration <URL>
The entrance to our hotel in Argenton-sur-Creuse - it makes you want to explore the world behind it.
I am at a loss. And I notice how more and more fear rises, that I have something terrible boiling inside me that is not being addressed.
I still have about 200 unprocessed train tickets from the last #warningstrike.
Fairbuds XL: This is what sustainability sounds like
They are easy to repair.
Pakistan: Supreme Court orders release of Imran Khan
The lawyer for Pakistan's former prime minister has succeeded in his complaint: Imran Khan is to be released. Thousands had protested after his arrest.
The closure of the line between Herchen and Eitorf has been lifted. The unauthorized persons on the line between Herchen and Eitorf have been apprehended.
1. General
The one-man entertainment device BATTLEZONE is equipped with a Vector or X/Y monitor. This game illustrates the fighting from the perspective of a tank driver. The battles take place in a wide valley, which is completely surrounded by mountains and volcanoes. In the valley there are rock pyramids and rock blocks, which offer the player temporary protection, as they cannot be destroyed by enemy fire.
The opponent is represented by slow-moving tracked vehicles and fast super tanks, as well as agile rockets that become increasingly difficult to hit during the extended gameplay. In addition, UFOs appear at periodic intervals. These cannot attack the player's tank. Conversely, the player can achieve a high score by being hit by a UFO. The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) different modes of operation. These are the attraction mode, the game introduction mode, the game mode, the initial input for maximum results, and the self-test mode. The latter mode represents a special mode for checking the controls and the computer function.
4. Gameplay
The game is triggered when the start switch is pressed. The LED switch remains lit and the game sounds can be heard. If the last player's tank is eliminated by the enemy attacker, the game is over. The game begins with tanks moving slowly, which become visible on the screen. The player can determine the position of the respective enemy tanks or missiles by paying attention to the text displayed in the upper left corner of the cockpit's information display. An example of a hint could be: ENEMY FROM THE RIGHT. In addition, a point is visible on the wide-range radar screen, accompanied by a sonar BLIP tone, which represents the enemy position.
The upper, conical area on the radar screen represents the player's field of vision on the screen below it. If the opponent is in this area, they can be easily targeted on the screen. In addition, the message OPPONENT IN FIRE AREA is displayed in the upper left-hand information display at the same time.
Temporarily, UFOs appear on the screen, flying over the battlefield. These are harmless missiles that observe the battle and cannot eliminate either the opponent or the player's tank. The flight position of the UFOs cannot be detected by the radar. The UFOs are intended to round out the battle and distract the player, as they usually appear at the same time as enemy tanks or missiles. UFOs can be eliminated by both the player's tank and the opponent's tank. A hit by the player earns the player 5,000 points. If the opponent is hit, the following points are achieved: 1,000 points for a slow-moving tank, 2,000 points for a missile, and 3,000 points for a super tank. A super tank moves and turns twice as fast as the player's tank or a slow-moving opponent's tank. The game can be played with 2, 3, 4, or even 5 tanks, and after reaching certain point values, a bonus tank can be unlocked and the appearance of the missile can be varied for a more difficult game setup. Details and the exact switch positions for this setting option can be found in the illustration.
5. Initial input at the highest results
If a player exceeds the minimum point score in the high score table, they can enter three (3) personal initials into the table after the game ends. The instructions for this are self-explanatory and can be displayed in four languages. It should be noted that when a self-test is triggered, the RESET button is pressed on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PCB, or there is a power outage, the high score table is deleted. When deleted (RESET), the ten (10) highest point scores with their initials are retained and rewritten on the screen to challenge further players. Any point score above 100,000 is additionally marked with a tank symbol, followed by the player's initials. If a player does not enter their initials within 60 seconds, the computer automatically enters dashes. After this, the device switches back to the attraction game mode. CONSTRUCTION ARRANGEMENT
1. New parts
The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) new components. If you already have experience with ATARI video devices, you should be aware of these important differences. The new parts are: A. The control lever. This is a redesign of the ATARI switch lever. It has been strengthened by several additional ribs in the inner and outer housing parts, which made this assembly unit more stable and ensured proper functioning of the switch contacts. Another modification is the rubber centering bumper, which, like a centering spring, always returns the control lever to the middle position. The micro switches are now attached with self-locking nuts for easier replacement. B. Two PC boards. ATARI'S X/Y game circuit was expanded to two boards connected to each other. These are the analog vector generator board and the auxiliary board. These circuit techniques allow more lines to be generated on the screen at a higher speed, resulting in a smooth and steady image. C. The power supply. The BATTLEZONE is equipped with a newly designed power supply. It has a larger, more powerful transformer to cover the increased energy supply caused by the expansion of the circuit. D. The device housing. Due to the new design, it was now possible to install a new cash box with a larger coin acceptance capacity. In addition, the device contains a console that is intended as a podium for smaller players to make playing easier. At the same time, this console ensures maximum device stability at the installation location.
These new components, as well as all other main assemblies of this device, are shown in Figure 1. If any of these new parts are mentioned in the manual, you will find this symbol. 2. Device inspection
After removing the packaging, this new entertainment device is ready to play. However, you should still perform a certain check to complete the quality control. The following checks should be performed to ensure that the device has been delivered to you in a proper condition: NOTE: Do not connect the device to the 220 V network yet. A. Examine the outside of the housing for any damage. B. Open the maintenance flap of the device and check the components inside the device as follows: (1) Check all cable harness connectors for a correct and secure connection. If any connectors are open or loose, connect them together.
NOTE: Never force plug connections. The plugs are provided with a positive guide, so that a correct connection is established. A plug connection rotated by 180 degrees destroys the PCB.
(2) Check the plug connections to the game PC board for a proper and secure fit. (3) Check the production number of the device on the type plate on the back of the device. Make sure that the stamped production number matches those of the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PC board, the auxiliary PC board, the controller/audio II PC board, and the TV monitor. An image of the location of the production number can be found on the back cover of this manual. This number should always be provided when calling your service technician for further service information. (4) Check all other main components such as the power supply, the control console, and the TV monitor for proper installation. (5) Finally, the device must be supplied with mains voltage and turned on. A quick check through the player's viewing window should confirm that the radar screen is also located in the bright, orange-circled opening in the casing. If the opening is not centered precisely, the casing, which is attached to the housing with adhesive tape, must be removed and repositioned. Before connecting the device to the mains supply, make sure that the voltage selector plug on the power supply unit 1 (see Fig. 3) matches the local mains voltage. Check the color of the cable on the plug and check the connection values as listed below:
ARE YOU HAVING PROBLEMS WITH YOUR SOFTWARE? Below you will find a series of tips that can help you solve most problems related to current DirectX games. Check your system configuration
Please take the time to check if your system meets the requirements listed on the packaging. The DirectX diagnostic program can give you an overview of your system if you are not sure if your PC meets the requirements. To run the DirectX diagnostic program, follow these steps: Click the "Start" button and select the "Run" option. Enter "dxdiag" in the text field. The user interface of the DirectX diagnostic program will now be displayed. Here, you have access to all relevant system details, including information about the graphics and sound card. You can check whether graphics and sound are working properly by clicking the corresponding buttons to test DirectDraw, Direct3D, and DirectSound. Note: If you do not have advanced computer knowledge, we would advise against changing any of the options in the DirectX diagnostic program. Before starting the game
It can happen that other programs take up system resources that the game needs to run smoothly. Not all of these programs are obviously active, and many start automatically when the system is turned on. Such programs that are constantly active on your system are also called “background applications”. In some cases, they can be the cause of your program hanging or crashing. Therefore, we recommend that you end these background applications before starting the game. - If antivirus or crash guard programs are running on your system, you should close or disable them before starting the game. To do this, search for the program's icon in the Windows taskbar. Right-click the icon and select the appropriate option (“Deactivate”, “Close”, or similar). - Once you have deactivated the antivirus and crash guard programs, you should also end general background applications, as these can sometimes cause problems when you install or run a PC game. You can read more about this in the section “How to end all unnecessary background applications”. Cleaning up the system
Before installing software, it must be ensured that your hard drive is functioning optimally. Therefore, you should make it a habit to “clean up” your PC at regular intervals. The tools you need for this are included with Windows: Use ScanDisk, defragmentation, and disk cleanup to ensure everything runs smoothly. Then, there is a good chance that current games will run largely problem-free on your PC. A “clean” system also has the advantage of working much more efficiently, which means that other applications you use will run faster and more stable. Consult the Windows Help files to learn more about the ScanDisk and Check Disk, defragmentation, and disk cleanup tools. Using the Windows Help
1. Click the "Start" button and select the "Help" (or "Help and Support") option to access the Windows Help. 2. Now click in the search field and enter the corresponding keyword, such as "ScanDisk" (Win 98/ME), "Error Checking" (Win 2000/XP), "Defragmentation", and "Drive Cleanup". You will then receive instructions that explain how to use these tools.
The game crashes or hangs?
When playing games that use the latest version of DirectX, you should make sure you have the latest drivers for your graphics card. This can often prevent a game from crashing or hanging. - First, you should try downloading the latest drivers from the website of the graphics card manufacturer. The following are the latest graphics card manufacturers:
How to end all unnecessary background applications
Important note: After the game is finished, you should reactivate the background applications by restarting your PC. This will automatically reactivate all the background applications that you have ended. Windows 98/ME
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. Now, the “Close Application” window will appear, listing all the background applications currently running on your system. 2. To end a background application, click on the entry in the task list and then click the “End Task” button. Note: Do not end the Explorer and Systray background applications, as they are needed for Windows to run. You can safely end all other background applications. 3. The window will now close and the task is ended. Repeat the above steps to end all other background applications (except Explorer and Systray). Windows 2000/XP Professional
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The Windows Security window will now appear. 2. Click on “Task Manager” to open the Windows Task Manager. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list, and then click the “End Task” button. Note: Depending on your system settings, it is possible that when you press STRG, ALT, and ENTF, the Windows Security window will not appear, but instead the Windows Task Manager will appear immediately. Windows XP Home
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The Windows Task Manager will now be displayed. 2. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list, and then click the “End task” button. Before you call the hotline
If you want to call, you should sit at your PC and have the following information ready (see section “Checking the system configuration”). Please also prepare note-taking materials. - PC brand and model - processor type - operating system including version number (e.g. Windows® 98;Windows® Me) - RAM (working memory) - information about graphics and sound card and drivers
INTRODUCTORY WORDS ON SPEED
The desire to develop video games was sparked in me by the advent of 3D real-time technology, which suddenly opened up a whole lot of new possibilities and appeared to me as a new means of expression, with which one could push the world to its limits. It presented me with an opportunity to explore new horizons. I felt like a cinematic pioneer at the beginning of the 20th century: on the one hand, I struggled with the still immature technology, but on the other hand, I was aware that there was still so much to discover - particularly a new language that was both narrative and visual. To be completely honest, the next ten years did not satisfy my hunger. I had the nagging feeling that video games were only exploiting a tiny fraction of their amazing creative possibilities, because they were too focused on "action" and thus forgot about a fundamental element of the human experience: emotions. Meanwhile, technology continued to make rapid progress. Fahrenheit represents my contribution to making video games a true, emotion-conveying means of expression. Even though this could have been done in a completely different form, Fahrenheit's greatest achievement is the fact that it raises real questions and offers concrete answers. Fahrenheit is proof that you can create an interactive gaming experience that is not just based on fighting monsters in dark corridors and collecting ammunition, but also has more demanding and in-depth content. It is proof that you can tell a story and offer game content without having to sacrifice the narrative or interactive elements. I hope that both hardcore gamers and casual players will enjoy this new gaming experience. If you are skeptical about video games, I hope that Fahrenheit will help change your attitude towards them. I hope that other developers will also feel the desire to follow this new creative path and enrich it with their own inspiration, talent, and ambition. Interactivity is still in its infancy and offers the chance to discover everything yet. Over the past two years, Fahrenheit has filled a large part of our lives and has been an unforgettable interpersonal and intellectual adventure for the entire Quantic Dream team, forcing us time and again to question many of the previously unassailable principles. I would be happy if Fahrenheit - similar to books, films, and songs that have left a lasting impression on you - also leaves a lasting impression on you. David Cage
THE README FILE
The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM contains a ReadMe file that can be used to view the license agreement and updated information about the game. We recommend that you review this file to become aware of any changes that have been made since this manual was printed. To view the file, double-click on it in the Fahrenheit directory on your hard drive (usually C:\Programs\Atari\Fahrenheit). You can also access the ReadMe file by first clicking on the Start button on the Windows® taskbar, then selecting “Programs”, “Atari”, “Fahrenheit”, and finally selecting the ReadMe file.
SETUP AND INSTALLATION
1. Start Windows® 2000/XP. 2. Insert the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM into the DVD-ROM drive. 3. If the "AutoPlay" option is enabled, the title screen should appear. If "AutoPlay" is not enabled or the installation does not start automatically, click the Start button on the Windows® taskbar and then click "Run". Enter D:\Setup, and then click "OK". Note: If your DVD-ROM drive is assigned a letter other than "D", use that letter instead. 4. Follow the instructions on the screen to complete the installation of the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM. 5. Once the installation is complete, click the Start button on the Windows® taskbar and select Programs/Atari/Fahrenheit/Fahrenheit to start the game. Note: The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM must be in the DVD-ROM drive for you to be able to play the game.
This SERVICE MANUAL is intended to familiarize you with the installation and maintenance of the QIX TV entertainment machine. The front pages describe the gameplay, in addition to important tips for installation and maintenance. The following service tips assume general knowledge of microprocessors, TTL circuits, and TV monitors. No repairs to the electronic component should be attempted without knowledge in these areas. The electrical diagrams conclude the manual. We ask that you carefully follow the instructions in this manual to ensure satisfactory operation of the machine.
The information and illustrations contained in this SERVICE MANUAL correspond to the state at the time of printing. CHANGES IN LINE WITH TECHNICAL ADVANCEMENTS ARE RESERVED, BUT THERE IS NO OBLIGATION TO REPLACE! Please observe when setting up.
Transport damage
If external transport damage is visible, it must be immediately reported, noted on a transport document, and confirmed by the deliverer (courier, Deutsche Bahn, etc.). The manufacturer is not liable for transport damage! Network voltage
The device is set up for the mains voltage specified on the type plate. For other mains voltages, the device transformer and the monitor transformer must be switched. According to VDE regulations, the device is provided with a protective earth connection and is only intended for dry rooms. The proper operation of the coin dispenser requires the device to be set up with the scales and weights in the correct position. SERVICE TIPS
IMPORTANT! If an incomprehensible display appears on the monitor at any time, please turn the automatic off (pull the power cord) and then on again. If the device does not work properly after this, it needs to be repaired.
Before repair, pull out the power plug! When monitoring and testing: Do not touch the voltage-carrying parts! Even when the device is turned off, the monitor can still carry dangerous voltage. CAUTION, HIGH VOLTAGE! There are about 20,000 volts at the anode connection of the picture tube. Replace fuses only with those of the same value! A blown fuse indicates overloading of a component. If the fuse is replaced with a higher-value fuse, serious damage can be caused. Replace components only with original spare parts. Never remove printed circuits/connections when the device is turned on. SERVICE MANUAL QIX
Gameplay
The game is started for one or (with a minimum credit of 2) for 2 players by pressing the corresponding start button. The aim is to get as much area as possible without crossing the path of the rotating QIX and without hitting the wandering SPARX. The game is set up so that a minimum area must be covered before the next area (round) can be tackled. The SPARX moving along the top of the screen are indicated by red timing lines. When the red lines meet, additional SPARX are released. When an alarm is sounded, the SPARX become SUPER-SPARX and more aggressive. If, while trying to draw your territory, your marking symbol gets caught in the death spiral, it is destroyed, as you cannot cross your own path or go back. If you hesitate and do not complete your area, a fuse is lit and your marking symbol is destroyed. Two speed settings are available. At a slower drawing speed, the points are doubled. After opening the control panel, the 4 programming and test switches are accessible.
The QIX game is capable of self-testing, it provides data and demonstrates that circuits and controls are working properly. For more information, see "Service Program". The volume can be adjusted on the volume control (VOLUME) on the Data/Sound PC board.
Programming and test switch: SUB-TEST
Function: Move on to the next inscription
Programming and test switch: TEST
Function: Continue to the next program step (display)
Programming and test switch: Up
Function: reset to factory settings (until the word "green"), count up by 1 step (when the word "green" lights up) Programming and test switch: Down
Function: Countdown by 1 step
It is possible to install a coin counter in the device. A line to the 412 V DC power supply. A line to the J 15 - 13 connector on the ROM/IC board.
SERVICE PROGRAM
In general, the 4 switches located in the device, the self-test button, and the LEDs on the video PC board are used for programming and testing.
Programming display. This display is used to select the language (English, French, Spanish, German) with which the address programming and the game work. The "Sub-Test" switch can be used to set the languages. If the desired language appears (green), press the "Test" switch to switch to the next program display. Use display: "Programming display". This display can be used to determine the difficulty factor for the game. It can also be used to set a "maximum number of credits" that can be used before the game begins. The text to be changed is set by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch (appears green), the desired value for this line is programmed using the "Up" or "Down" switch. Pressing the "Sub-Test" switch several times can reach the factory or default setting, if the bottom line (RESET line) appears green, press the "Up" switch. The values are reset, the pointer (also called the green lines) jumps to the first line, further programming can take place. "Test" always triggers the next program display. "Back" [Reserve High Score Value x 10 000) is used to transfer the high score points to the next program display until "High Score Rate So Far". This value determines the required number of points/hits that a player needs for their initials (name) and the hit points to be entered on the screen. The "Maximum Number of Credits" determines a coin acceptance limit for the device. If this limit is exceeded, if a coin lock is present, coin acceptance is blocked. This can be used to set a limited number of games for a player. This value is from 1 - 99. It should not be set so close to 99 that, when adding 99, the credits cannot become zero. A free play mode can be selected by setting "Maximum Number of Credits" to O. Further programming: "Number of Games": Number of marking symbols per credit
"Threshold": the height of the percentage number that must be reached in order to switch to the next round
"Time limit": approval for additional Sparx
"Difficulty": Difficulty level of the gameplay
"Anziehton": no sound at "0" in standby mode
with "1" tone also in the standby mode (animated tone) "table model": with "0" standby device
with "1" table device
The credits per coin are set on the "insert slot programming" display. High score program display (highest score achieved so far). The points and initials of the player appear, including the next 10 point numbers. The values are used to set the high score, which was selected on the previous display (set to "back"). Pressing the "up" button sets the initials QIX Standard. Pressing the "test" button displays the next program display. The "total evaluation". Pressing the "up" button can be set to 0. The following values are recorded: Total credit: The number of paid credits. The total number cannot be set to 0. If 1,000,000 is reached, counting starts from the beginning. The total number can only appear to be 0 if the battery or the W1 connector is removed, with the device turned off. Left-handed coins: The number of coins inserted in the left-handed coin slot. Middle coins: (not available) Right-handed coins: The number of coins inserted in the right-handed coin slot. Paid credits: The number of credits given for coins inserted (reversed coins). Granted credits: The number of credits given by the device. % Free spins: Granted credits (paid + granted credits per 100) Played minutes: The number of minutes played. Won minutes: The number of minutes played during an extended or won game. % Free time: Won minutes/played minutes per 100. Average game duration in seconds: Played minutes/paid + granted credits.
High Score (Hit Rate): The number of times a player had a high enough hit rate to displace other players from the high score list. The values are reset to 0 by pressing the "Up" button. Pressing the "Test" button displays the next program display.
Insertion slot programming/normal coin setting. With the help of this display, the operator can select a standard coin setting or program another setting
If a default setting is provided, the programming is selected by pressing the "Up" and "Down" buttons, while the top digit lights up green on the screen. The size values change with the change in the digit. When the correct setting is reached by pressing the "Test" button, the setting is adopted. If a setting is desired that does not correspond to the default setting, the values can be set by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. After a single press, the top setting digit is set to 0, which means that a custom setting is possible. Since the lower values remain unchanged, the programmer can reduce his setting efforts by selecting a setting that is close to his desired values and only changing the values that are not appropriate. Once the setting is made, any new setting value can be selected by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. If unwanted pressing occurs, the default setting appears. The "Up" and "Down" buttons can be used to increase or decrease the values. Pressing the "Test" button ends the process. The coin multiplier ("coin unit") indicates how many coin units are given for each coin inserted through an assigned slot. Coin units - "credit" shows the number of units required before a credit is issued. "Bonus" coin units shows the units required before a bonus credit is issued. "Min.-Münze" is a value that accumulates credits until a specified minimum amount of coins is reached. In the default setting, this value is not used. CMOS MEMORY FAILURE
If "Memory Failure - Service Required" appears on the display, the CMOS RAM, which stores all programming, has failed. All values stored in the RAM will be reset to the factory default settings. This condition is likely due to a failure or malfunction of the battery.
ERROR CHECKS and SETTINGS
Start of the testing method. Press the "Sub-Test" switch or the "Self-Test" button (SW 1 near the LED display). All LEDs should light up and the hardware test can begin. The tests and settings can be entered according to the respective program display. Pressing the "Test" button will display the next program. If a continuous test of the video board is desired, the Self-Test button must be pressed twice so that the video test begins in the auto test mode. In this program, the device will perform the hardware test continuously until it is turned off. When the display "Open Coin Door to Test" appears, the program plug J 19, 1 - 2 must be inserted. When the J 19 plug is pulled, the memory is protected and the CMOS RAM video test cannot be performed. Hardware tests: These tests are performed as follows: O = off / I = on / X = test results
The ROM checksum calculates the checksum of every video ROM and compares it with the checksum stored for this ROM. If a difference is present, the device stops and the value of the ROM with the incorrect checksum appears on the LEDs. If the checksum ROM is faulty, U 10 is displayed first. If this test fails, the next ROM displayed on the LED display must be replaced. The E-PROM memory in a given game can be introduced as a bank (series) of either 2716 or 2732 E-PROMs. The E-PROM type for each series is selected by the decoding plug (26-00002-016 for 2716 or 26-00002-032 for 2732). Communications RAM from the video board
The Communications RAM test determines the functional reliability of the memory, which is shared by two processors, by storing predetermined series of numbers in the RAM and then checking whether the storage was correct. LED value: 00 0010 If the Gerät with the above display holds, a fault has been detected. If the Communications RAMs fail during the video board test, the fault may be due to a faulty wiring (RAM) or errors in the data board. To locate the fault, remove the data board from P 6 and repeat the test. A failure means: faults in U 3, U 4 or associated power circuits.
Video Board CMOS RAM
After values have been written to another part of the memory, the CMOS RAM is tested in the same way as the Communications RAM. If the test is passed, all memory locations are set to their previous value. LED value: 00 0011 If the device continues to display the above-mentioned display, a fault is present. In this case, check U 85 and U 86 and the associated power circuits or decoding.
Check the video board color RAM by storing predetermined number sequences in the color RAM. These number sequences will be checked for correctness when read back. LED value: 00 0100 If this value is displayed, a fault is present. Check U 56, U 57, and the multiplexers and decoders connected to them.
Video board (display RAM). The display RAM is checked by writing a pattern on each side. The results of these writes are compared to the original pattern. Any discrepancies cause the program to halt and the LEDs indicate the faulty RAM. If a display RAM fails, identify the problem and replace the RAM. If this fault diagnosis does not indicate a RAM failure (00 0101 on LEDs), it indicates that the next test is being started (data hardware). The connection to the data processor must be present and it must be functional.
Unfortunately disappointed
The jacket arrived after 2 days with AMAZON logistics. That is also the reason for star number 1. The second reason is that the right jacket arrived without noticeable seam defects. BUT I must have been too excited about this jacket, because the disappointment was all the greater. I had oriented myself based on the other reviews and ordered the jacket in L. Since it is supposed to fit so tightly and I didn't want to struggle with an S or M... In the end, it would have fit in terms of length and at the hips... the rest was a matter of swimming. In addition, the lining material was already visible when the package was opened and spread everywhere. Simply a shame... It will be sent back: /
Fast delivery and good processing
The jacket looks great. We were surprised by the good workmanship. You can wear it easily from both sides. We ordered it for our daughter, and she is thrilled. She usually wears size 158, and the 36 fits her very well in this case and will probably be worn for another year. We can recommend an order.
Robust quality
I chose the rubber pad c because I always work with wood on the jack and that is not ideal. Unfortunately, I misjudged and the pad does not fit perfectly. But that is my fault. I then made a slight change so that it fits. The pad looks very robust and you no longer damage the edges. You can use the groove or the entire surface. It worked without any problems. Nothing slips anymore. I would buy it again right away.
Unfortunately too big for under 1 year
The product itself is quite okay, but not under one year. The chewing surface is too big for the little mouth. We got it when our son was 7 months old and he couldn't use it because of its size. Now, at 12 months old, we have looked for it again and he can use it. He has also not been able to bite anything with his few existing teeth. And when it was in the fridge, it calmed him down a lot.
Quality not sufficient / Unfortunately going back
I was blinded by the sometimes glowing reviews. I would like to preface this by saying that I already have two Lowepro backpacks in use. One is very large (for storing equipment) and one is quite small for the most important, everyday things you might want to take with you. Because I recently bought the Sigma 70-200 2.8, the small Lowepro is now too small for me and I need a replacement. I purchased this backpack during Prime Day for a really affordable price (just under 29 EUR) and was actually very happy about this purchase, having read many of the reviews beforehand. When the backpack arrived yesterday, however, disappointment set in: The backpack is not bad for under 30 EUR, that much is true. But that it can keep up with the well-known products, which are sold at much higher prices ... People, that is simply not true! I had really hoped that it was like that, but that is definitely not the case. The padded walls are much thinner and do not offer the same protection as my Lowepro. The dividers inside are of a different caliber, much more flimsy. Overall, the haptics of this backpack cannot be compared to my Lowepro. The zippers and the materials of the compartments for small items are also not particularly high quality. Therefore, I have decided that the backpack must go back. If I am buying equipment worth many thousands of EUR, I unfortunately also have to spend the money on a decent backpack. Quality does seem to have its price here. For someone who does not want to spend a lot of money, the backpack is definitely a good choice, but not for me. And it is not that I found the decision difficult. As soon as I opened the backpack, I knew after two minutes that it had to go back. What I did like was the color inside. Here, you are sure to find your things much faster than with a gray interior. For someone who has different requirements for a backpack, the backpack is definitely a great thing, but mine is going back.
Unfortunately disappointed by the third part
So far, I had liked the electrical series by E. L. Todd the best, but my opinion was revised with this book. I found the first two books very strong and recommendable and was really looking forward to the third part. In this part, the whole time is about Volt and Taylor's feelings and I found it unnecessary to drag it on. Taylor has been swooning over Volt for so long, finally confesses everything and then gets upset at every argument?! At the same time, there were also inconsistencies, in my opinion, because at the end of the second part, Volt still tried to convince Taylor's ex and didn't believe him when he said that Taylor would stand by him and tried to convince the ex that Taylor couldn't do without him and that he had heard it himself. But at the beginning of the third part, it seems that Volt has forgotten everything and is fighting for Taylor. I had hoped that this would be the last part of the series and think that this part is the weakest and also quite unnecessary. I will still read the fourth part and hope that it will finally be revealed that Taylor's girlfriend Sarah is Volt's ex. This would bring more tension into the story.
People destroy everything, do not know how to appreciate anything and do not learn! First of all: The film is not as bad as many people write. Of course, the story is totally contrived and always conceived according to the same pattern F. If you have seen the beginning, you know how the end is. And the message is always the same: People destroy everything, do not know how to appreciate anything, and do not learn! And that is exactly what the film wants to tell us! How many times have I thought about the film (and that's even though I know it's just a film and the animals come from the computer) : Oh my God, the poor animals, it often makes me cry. Therefore, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is really well done. It's just a shame that people do not understand the message behind the film, even though it is a mainstream film. We consistently destroy the environment and the animals, and ultimately our planet and ourselves. There is no empathy for the environment and living beings: none. 4 stars, because the film is well made, but unfortunately always according to the same principle, otherwise 5 stars would have been included. Nevertheless, well-made popcorn cinema.
A quiet, sensitive film
Some people are expecting an 8 Mile-style film here. This film is not a Hollywood blockbuster and does not want to be one. This film is above all "French". In addition, it is quiet, sensitive, empathetic, authentic and makes you cry - if you let yourself be drawn into it and do not expect anything from it that it does not want to be.
Problematic
Taste like Quench from the 90s, no orange, but that doesn't matter. 5 days every morning a pack: nothing has moved, but nothing at all. My waist circumference has grown by 12 cm! Bloating like never before! After that, diarrhea 5-8 times a day. Not very helpful, unfortunately, despite immediately discontinuing it, the diarrhea has been going on for 1 week. It should be noted that only 2 stars were given for the smaller package size (unfortunately only noticed too late), but the larger package received full 5 stars. This is very, very strange!
Terrible odor and poor results! I dyed my blonde hair into a chocolate brown with an intense dye in October, and I used this hair color remover in February/March. I used the product twice. The first time I noticed right away that it stinks terribly! However, there was still not a very bad result, it came out as a slightly chestnut brown (a bit darker). Since I had not achieved my desired result, I used it again, as the instructions also suggest for unsatisfactory results. This time it was pure waste of time! It made no difference, my hair looked the same as the first try. What was even worse, it still smelled weeks after using it. No matter how often I washed my hair, the odor just wouldn't go away.
Highly recommended
I have been taking the tablets for a longer period of time now and always take one tablet every 5 days. My vitamin balance has been in the basement for a long time due to my job, not enough exercise and a longer additional illness. I wanted to give my immune system a boost not only through healthy nutrition but also by taking vitamin D3 and K2. This is working out very well. I feel fitter and much better. I sleep better and wake up better. The price is also great as you also have to consider how long you can take the tablets. Absolutely recommended.
The function is not completely flawless!!! After using the battery case for 3 months, I have discovered the following major defects which I find very annoying: 1) The case has problems connecting to the phone over time. This means that charging no longer occurs even though the "Power On/Off" button is pressed for 3 seconds. When the phone is removed from the case and reinstalled, the problem is solved in 70% of cases, but this creates a new defect. 2) Frequent removal and reinstallation of the phone in the case has caused the lid to wear out so much that it comes off the case on its own, which is why I have almost lost it several times. These are not many major defects, but I believe that a case with a battery should function flawlessly in its function, which is why I am very disappointed with the product, especially since I have only been using it for 3 months, and for the cost of 30€.
Too expensive, too thin and disappointing
I don't know how these good reviews came about. In the end, it's actually just a glasses cleaning cloth that you get as a gift from any optician in a slightly smaller form. The cleaning effect is as good as a kitchen towel and not better. I had expected much more from these cloths. It is also very, very thin. Since I have used it, I can unfortunately no longer exchange it. I am disappointed and cannot recommend it from my side. The price for these cloths is far too high. More than 2 euros should not be paid.
I doubt the frequency response
I bought this speaker for the shower when my smaller free speaker, which I received as a promotional gift, unfortunately broke. Overall, the Onforu works great, is waterproof (I accidentally dropped it in the shower), gives bass as bass, Bluetooth works great... Of course, the suction cup must be moistened, otherwise it will come off... It can reproduce sound very loudly... Yes... What I see as critical is the frequency response of this small speaker. As I said, bass is reproduced as bass and not converted into a higher frequency. However, this causes a problem. Some frequencies are reproduced very loudly, while others remain very quiet. While some frequencies of the singing are almost painful to hear, higher and lower frequencies are just barely audible. My old speaker did not reproduce bass very well, but the frequencies were represented in terms of volume quite naturally. Unfortunately, this is not really the case with the Onforu, which I find a bit annoying. Therefore, I have to take off one star. I expected more from the frequency response.
very bad
In a few places, the color had split and if you just walked over it with your hand, the color would also come off in some places. We wanted to have them picked up for free because we didn't want them anymore, but unfortunately only at our expense. They would only replace the damaged parts, but as if both cabinets were damaged. Poor service from the manufacturer Amazon has taken care of everything for us and refunded us the money. A big THANK YOU to Amazon.
Spend a little more money
The price is relatively low, which is noticeable in the quality. Individual parts are delivered that you have to glue yourself. The product was packaged in a simple envelope made of thin cardboard. There was no additional protection. Since the postal worker stuffed the product right into my mailbox, some templates were damaged. I did not complain, as I desperately needed this product. The glue that was included barely holds, but it does stick well - like chewing gum that does not harden. Almost half of the templates fell off the wooden sticks just one day after gluing. Since the glue does not dry out (at least it was still not dry five days after gluing), you have to be very careful not to glue everything together. The templates are partially incomplete. For one-time use and as a gag for a party, it's okay, but at a wedding, I would invest a bit more money and go for a high-quality product.
I am not dissatisfied. The cabinet looks good and is easy to assemble, even if the instructions are not very clear. + Magnetic closure + nice appearance + stable when assembled + shelf can be positioned as desired
- Doors slam due to magnets (this can perhaps be compensated for with rubber bumpers) - some dirty spots
- the included dowels are much too small and wobbly (I didn't have any others and didn't have a trophy at home, so I glued them in place with craft glue) - the holders for the shelf are a bit wobbly (I wrapped them in paper and balanced them out) Conclusion: If it didn't look so good and had such good measurements, I would give fewer stars, as you have to make everything fit to be really satisfied. I also find it a bit too expensive for that.
The coffee tastes good to me....but
...there are only 3 stars. The taste is subjectively good, but I think the original capsules are better (but also significantly more expensive). In that regard, I would have given 5*. Unfortunately, the coffee does not run evenly through (if at all!). The additional plastic waste (individually packaged, see photo) also means a star deduction for me. I hope the manufacturer will change this and will soon receive full points.
Set my alarm
The alarm clock arrived quickly and everything is easy to set up. But: the natural sounds sound terrible, and are extremely loud. I couldn't make them any quieter. It was probably a defect, supposedly this is possible. The quietest radio setting was also too loud, I would immediately fall out of bed. In addition, the darkest display setting is so bright that you can cast shadows on the wall with your hand. I always woke up when I turned my face towards the alarm clock, because I thought it was already tomorrow. When it actually came to it and the sunrise simulation began, it was immediately too bright for me. I liked the colors and the color change, unfortunately you can't dim the colored light. I also liked that it has a battery, so that if there is a power outage, the clock and the wake-up time don't have to be entered again. But I went back for the reasons mentioned.
Light is great, processing is insufficient
I replaced four light bulbs in the house with these lamps. Unfortunately, I could only replace four, as the other two were delivered without a socket - instead, a circuit board is laughing at me at this point... There was also nothing in the box. "Buy six, get four" is not a good deal. Amazon would certainly have handled this kindly and quickly, but I only realized this after the return deadline. So, I see this as my mistake and live with it. However, this is not a good indication of the quality of these light bulbs - so far, the only reason for two stars being deducted. The light itself is great. The rooms are now very brightly and evenly lit. The light color is more towards cold white. Perfect for hallways, offices, workshops, laundry rooms, etc. For living rooms, I personally would choose warmer light. Comparable to a good old 100 watt bulb. Other lamps can also do this and maybe I will receive intact examples corresponding to the order. If my review is helpful, I would appreciate a positive review. I try to answer questions quickly.
Great
I have received gestures, and I would like to share my first impression. Yes, positive. I have been thinking for a long time whether to order this set or not. **The material is stable and it lies well in the hand. **The utensils all have a hole at the handle to be able to hang them up. **The soft silicone does not scratch expensive cookware and pots and is particularly practical to use on pans with a coating. **They are heat-resistant and can be used up to 440 ℉. **They also do not transfer heat and can therefore be touched directly. **The dishwasher sometimes leaves water stains on the black silicone, but they disappear after a quick wipe. Finally, I have to say that I am very surprised and I can only recommend it.
Selling B-grade goods as new
Amazon Prime shipping is simply great. Delivery within 24 hours. Then the shock, the faucet was unpacked and all parts checked. We found that the part had already been installed before. We had to note significant scratches and scuffs on all the mounting parts. The screw connections/hose connections were all damaged. Despite this, we installed the part in the sink (unfortunately). Only now did we see that the chrome-plated faucet itself also had scratches/streaks. This part was probably already delivered and then returned. We are keeping this faucet and installing it in the basement sink because it doesn't matter how it looks down there. Our conclusion: we will never order such items from Amazon again, but instead will spend a little more at the hardware store where we get decent products. We find it simply sad that customers are being ripped off like this!!!
The product itself is great, but the external sensor is already broken after 6 months
In principle, I am very satisfied with this product. The installation was very easy, and the radio range is very good, with no problems whatsoever with the transmission from the inside to the outside. I also find the design of the device appealing. It is very simple and can either be mounted on the wall or set up like a small picture frame. The only annoying thing is that after about half a year of use, the device that measures the values outside seems to be broken. The thermometer still seems intact, however, and still displays plausible values. The hygrometer, on the other hand, seems to be broken, as it always displays completely astronomical values for the outside air humidity. This is very unfortunate, as the device was installed outside in a protected place, and this is also the reason why I am only giving this product two stars.
Strong mower with weak catch basket
Apart from the fact that the first delivery attempt is still merrily making its way through the republic with Hermes today, without finding its way to me or back to Amazon, the service from Amazon was as excellent as always when they triggered a replacement delivery. The lawnmower arrived quickly and made a good impression. The motor is strong and a nice cutting pattern is produced. The noise level is not particularly impressively low, but okay. The big downside is unfortunately the collection basket. On the one hand, it is made of hard plastic at the top and bottom and fabric in between. If you just set it down briefly when it is only half full, it will of course be compressed and parts of the contents will fall out. Worse, however, is that the actually practical fill level indicator shows red when the basket is only half full. That would not be so bad if the lawnmower did not then lose large parts of the cut grass. Emptying the basket every time it is only half full on a large lawn area is not the solution. Therefore, I cleaned the device as well as possible and sent it back. Conclusion: Overall, it is a very good lawnmower, but due to the unfortunate construction of the collection basket, it becomes unusable for me.
Good device for monitoring
I have two of these devices. The device can be easily integrated via the app. The supplied detachable sensor cable is very good and can be extended if needed. The device is solidly built. Room temperature and humidity are displayed, but to conserve the battery, they are only displayed once to three times a day (adjustable) in the app. For the following reasons, I am giving only 4 stars. - The soft back of the device, which also closes the battery compartment, can only be closed quite awkwardly. - One of the two devices is in a room with quite thick walls. This device loses its connection to the network every 1 to 2 weeks. Unfortunately, the device does not reconnect on its own, even if you put it near the router. You have to remove the batteries and put them back in after a short pause, then it connects again. This should work without removing the batteries. There is always an alarm when the connection is lost. - The alarm tone could be a bit louder.
3D Printer Prusa i3 DIY
I ordered this 3D printer because I wanted to use it for my own projects. Unfortunately, I have not yet managed to level the hotbed properly. The right-hand locking screw is completely tightened, but the hotbed is still too high there and the screw on the right front falls out, even though the hotbed is still too low. The rods that hold the carriage are straight, as is the table. Maybe someone knows what to do about this, because it is impossible to print anything. For assembly: The assembly was relatively trouble-free, but it would be helpful to show how to lay the cables, because otherwise you have to lay them again and again, which is very tiring. I have already contacted support, but after waiting for a week, I still have not received an answer. Returning it is unfortunately no longer possible. I had expected a bit more.
I am positively surprised by its robustness and precision
My old measuring slide has unfortunately given up the ghost after many years, so a new one had to be purchased. This one makes a very robust impression and is just as precise after several test measurements. Two batteries are included, so you can get started right away. The packaging of the slide is simple, but it fully fulfills its purpose. Otherwise, the slide does not leave any wishes unfulfilled and has all the necessary measuring methods. I can only give it a full score and believe it will last at least as long as the old measuring slide. There is a clear recommendation to buy it and a good measuring instrument simply belongs in every household.
Disgusting, persistent odor
I bought the bracelet and have not worn it yet because it emits a disgusting odor. To this day, this odor has not gone away, even though it has been "aired out" constantly. After it could no longer be returned, I disposed of it. I would not recommend buying it.
Okay for the price
The stars and balls on this necklace are a bit too big for my personal taste, which makes it quite heavy. The larger balls are freely movable, which I quite like. However, the necklace is overall very simply made, so I have already torn the closure open twice. So far, I have been able to repair it every time, but I think that this will not last long. But for the affordable price, you simply cannot expect anything really high-quality.
Very nice piece of jewelry
A beautifully crafted bracelet - and the simple clasp actually holds! You just have to pull the end through the mouth, it can't come undone, amazing! I have applied some leather care to it, which makes it even softer and more pliable. However: if you have something magnetic on your arm: The clasp is made of steel!
Unfortunately, it's junk! I was already disappointed after unpacking it, because the small displays of the transmitters were all scratched, giving me the feeling that it was used merchandise. The base station was okay. Now to the function: It only connects after some fiddling... if you stick to the instructions, it doesn't work at all, it was only after I removed a battery from the base station and put it back in that the transmitters finally connected. Unfortunately, my joy about that didn't last long, because the connection was gone again after an hour, and that even though the transmitters were next to the base station. The display of the three transmitters was also very different! All in all, not worth using for me! The thing went back! I would definitely advise against buying it, it just causes trouble!
Transport damage
Hello, I had this garden pump before, unfortunately after 3.5 years the thread of the inner shaft had rusted away. I bought it again for one reason only, I needed it urgently due to the current drought and I knew the connections of the suction line and the discharge line would fit. I hope that the shaft on the previous pump had a production defect and the new pump will last a little longer. Unfortunately, the new pump had transport damage, the plastic housing was torn and the ventilation slots were broken. The box was also damaged from the outside, so I would recommend packaging the pump a little better in the future, rather than just using a thin cardboard box. I kept the pump anyway, as described above, because I desperately needed it and the cracks in the plastic housing did not affect the pump's performance.
We could have thought this through better. Since I often have to deal with many different keys, I thought an organizer would be more convenient than carrying around a huge keyring all the time. At first, everything went quite well. However, the paint soon started to peel off and the screws had to be tightened again and again. It's nice that this can be done with a penny coin, but only with a penny coin. I couldn't find a suitable Phillips screwdriver that wouldn't immediately ruin the whole screw. Now coming to the most annoying part of the whole thing: attaching the keys. It's nice that you can adjust the screw to different sizes or lengths, but once you've screwed it all together, you need pliers to take it apart again. Attaching the keys themselves is simply a game of patience, balance, and dexterity. In the end, the screw in the thread broke on the third time of assembly, making the whole thing useless. Conclusion: if at all, only get all the necessary keys once and never again, but at this price, you can also buy a cheaper alternative.
Do not quite match the stated dimensions
The zippers are easy to use, the material seems robust, and everything is lightweight. Since I don't have a comparison (my first organizer set), I won't be able to actually evaluate the product until after the first use. I can already say that the height is lower than stated. At the moment, I can't really imagine packing everything there for a three-week vacation, for example. If necessary, the really large parts can go directly in the suitcase - just as they have been doing so far. It should also be noted that not 8, but 10 parts were delivered, as two smaller bags/pouches were included in the round cosmetic bag. I would like to mention that the cosmetic bag is not of high quality, but I wanted to mention that anyway. The fact that the cosmetic bag has a different color tone and is made of a different material than the other bags doesn't bother me personally. I see this as a trial price and that's okay.
So lala
So, I ordered it before Christmas and it worked until after Christmas. Now, when I wanted to use it again, it wouldn't work. Battery? Changed. But it still doesn't work. So I could have just thrown the money in the trash.
Cleaning is always a good thing! The application is simple, but you should be very careful when using the brush to avoid damaging the needle. I could not detect any improvement in the sound quality of my very high-quality turntable.
Long battery life
The headphones are wonderfully protected. Two black cables were included. The battery life is very long. The sound is definitely completely adequate. I liked the fact that the headphones do not hurt after wearing them for a long time and are therefore very comfortable. The ear cups are very soft and pleasant to wear. The weight is also kept very low. I would recommend this product in this price range.
Nice dress
Very nice dress that is easy to wear for a wide variety of occasions. The price-performance ratio is spot on, especially since I also got it at a flash sale. It fits perfectly in my size, I'm glad I didn't order it in a smaller size (it was actually recommended). I just wish the neckline wasn't so deep, and the sleeves could handle a bit more fabric (if you don't have quite as thin upper arms as the model in the picture). But overall, it's a nice dress for many occasions.
Keep your hands off it. It can't get any worse. I really and seriously didn't expect such junk to be sold today. The drive is operated on a High End Asus ROG Strix Scar II Gaming Laptop. It can be assumed that the USB connections provide sufficient power. Nevertheless, trouble-free operation of this drive is not possible. DVDs usually work, but Blu-rays are recognized at most unreliably. The discs have to be inserted multiple times, after which it makes clicking noises like you haven't heard since the 90s from old PCs and the very first CD-ROM drives. After a few minutes, you can either restart the computer because nothing works anymore or the disc is finally recognized. However, you must not press pause or jump to a chapter or change the language during the film or even just do anything. This immediately leads to an unfixable freeze. In addition, of course, no Blu-ray software is included. If you buy PowerDVD or similar at additional cost, the price of this drive doubles.
It does what it's supposed to do, but it's not pretty. First of all, I would like to emphasize that the two USB ports are actually a waste of time, because only the port that faces up is a USB port. The other plug is only there to charge some devices and is therefore relatively useless. I didn't know this when I bought it, which is why I was a bit disappointed. I actually needed a second port and if I had just needed a plain extension, I certainly wouldn't have bought this unsightly lump with gold-colored plugs. But aside from the appearance and my misjudgment, the extension performs its duty very reliably. And because of the weight of the plug, the inserted USB stick doesn't just dangle around in the area, like with a normal extension cord. So it wasn't a real mistake, but my euphoria is kept within reasonable limits :-).
Small but oho! I bought this product so that I could have an audio output on my iPad (Pro) and connect a display. With iOS 12, you can now also push data back and forth. This works very well. Furthermore, the audio output was as expected. Other adapters that I had to send back were unfortunately not able to do this. The HDMI output is practical. I now have a PS4 controller connected via BT to the tablet and the HDMI is connected to the TV. Charging at the same time is no problem. The sound is delivered via HDMI. What else do I need my PlayStation for? There was a small adapter included that can be attached to the tablet. This is supposed to provide stability and also has a magnetic holder. My case does not fit with the adapter. Well, it still holds securely and has contact, so... Overall, it is a bit expensive, but justified by the full range of functions. It is also very small and made of a stable piece of aluminum. Price and performance are a good match.
Lots of power
Great device. It has been running without problems for months. It is not exactly light or quiet, but it delivers plenty of power. I find the middle temperature setting (Tp setting) a bit too cool and am therefore always on level 2. It has also fallen several times onto the tiled floor and has survived well. And I also like the simple design. Competitive products often look like spaceships.
Very good
The processing of the brush head made a very good impression, although the price difference compared to the original is very large, but does not make a cheap impression. In use, the feeling of a high-quality process is confirmed. Overall, I found these brushes very good and can be recommended without reservation.
Great product with weak battery
We have had the tracker for about 6 months and are positively surprised that the tracking is accurate to within 0.5m in live mode. However, in offline mode when the dog is inside the house, it sometimes jumps a few meters, but this is not a problem. I would definitely buy it again. What would be great, however, would be a battery that lasts longer. At the moment, it lasts for about 1.5 hours. A solution that could last 7-14 days would be great. There is an XL version, but unfortunately, this is too big for our taste. It would not even have to last that long and changing it every day is also impractical. After all, you should be spending time with your dog, not your collar :-) . The app also worked perfectly.
After a few weeks of rubbish
We have already ordered the shoes in several sizes. They fit well and seem comfortable too. However, their lifespan is decreasing. Although my son only wears the shoes in PE lessons, the soles are already worn out after just a few weeks and the shoes can no longer be used. With the last pair, it was also the case that they did not last very long in normal use, but I thought they would be enough for PE lessons. Unfortunately, this was not the case. The shoes are expensive rubbish and absolutely not recommended.
Fits perfectly - but original? My last pair of Crocs unfortunately broke after 5 years, so I happily ordered new ones. These ones are unfortunately poorly made at first glance. They are just as comfortable as the ones I had before. At first glance, no difference seems to be noticeable, but upon closer inspection, one can see that the edges are poorly made and the strap at the heel sits quite loosely and is very likely not to last as long as my previous ones, which lasted five years. I'm curious!
Surprisingly good
Since there are hardly any reviews to read yet, I was very skeptical at first. However, since I am driving to a festival this year and would like to sleep in the car, I ordered them on a whim. The delivery included the mattress and an air pump. Regarding the mattress: I tested it in my car (Citroen Berlingo). I noticed that there is some mold on one side. I wiped it away and hope that it does not appear again. When it was pumped up, a lying test was immediately conducted. It is easy to lie on it and it fits perfectly for the festival. Of course, this mattress cannot replace your own bed, but for days at the event it is pure luxury. The mattress fits perfectly in my car. Beforehand, we removed the seats in the back. This way, it fits perfectly. The air pump: The air pump has various adapters. The mattress requires two different adapters, which can also be found on the pump. The pump is plugged into the cigarette lighter of the car. However, the plug was defective (something at the soldering point). My boyfriend is handy, so he was able to repair it and it worked perfectly again. Overall, I am very impressed with the mattress. I am looking forward to the hardness test at the festival. I hope that it does not lose air and lasts a long time. I also hope that the mold does not appear again. After the test, I can definitely recommend it. If I have any other experiences, I will revise the review accordingly (if possible).
Definitely not worth more than 10€... Unfortunately, the calendar only gets two stars from me. :( 1. For the fast shipping. 2. For the idea of the toy. Unfortunately, the calendar is torn open through the poor workmanship on day 1 through several doors. At door 21, there were no more doors left and I had to more or less allow my son to take out the remaining parts because they basically already appealed to him. The parts often come out in a mess, which often means that you have to take the car apart again to put the parts back in. After the car is completely assembled, parts fall off during play. (Mostly the windshield. This is also very difficult to put back on.) In general, I would not buy this calendar again and would not recommend it to anyone else. Maybe the manufacturers will reconsider the way they designed the calendar for the next edition and do it better. :\
a real drone
I am delighted with the drone. My 7-year-old daughter flies it. It flies very well indoors and the 5-minute flight time is usually completely sufficient. I didn't expect anything different from the price in terms of hair getting caught in it and the drone breaking very quickly, but crashes from the ceiling to the floor, whether it's tiles or carpet, are no problem. If you have any questions, there is friendly contact.
The game is okay, but it can only be played on Steam if you are forced to do so. I didn't notice when I bought it that it was not a game CD, but just a code that you can use to download the game. That would be okay, but you are forced to install Steam in order to be able to play the game at all, which is outrageous. Since then, the computer constantly crashes, which would not be the case if you were just installing the game.
Unfortunately, it fails due to the battery life
I had been looking forward to the watch. The design and appearance were great, messages etc. were displayed without any problems. The operation worked well.... and yet I am sending it back. The big downside: the battery and its runtime. Charged in the evening, just laying on the shelf overnight and in the morning 11% less battery when not in use. Many messages came in during the day, the battery was already gone by noon / early afternoon and then you can't even read the time anymore. Therefore, not useful for me. Very unfortunate.
Noble shell with limitations
For the slippery Samsung Galaxy S10+, you should definitely get a case. I recently liked cases that you can also put your credit card in. This case offers that. If you put all 3 cards in the pockets, it becomes too much, then the lid stands up a bit. One is enough for me. The leather case gives a robust impression and seems to be well made. It looks elegant. The phone is embedded all around, except for the ports, which have cutouts. Otherwise, you can easily operate the power button and volume control on the sides through the case. The downside is that it is not possible to charge the phone on some QI chargers due to the thickness of the case. Even on the leather QI charging station from TORRO, it is not possible. Accessories - such as the Galaxy Buds - can only be charged when the case is off. Otherwise, it looks really cool and is well made!
High-quality case with bulletproof glass film
The robust case with a real bulletproof glass as protection for the screen in a classic design offers all-round protection for the entire iPhone 11. It fits very well and can also be easily put on. The material is pleasant to hold and does not get dirty. This is a really successful and beautiful product with a very good price-performance ratio. This case gives the phone some stability. It is not too bulky and firmly attaches to the phone. Overall, a good purchase.
