This document is written according to the provisions of the Part A of the Standardization Work Guidelines of GB/T 1.1-202: Standardization Documents Structure and Drafting Rules.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology “The Chinese Coded Character Set and GB 18030-2005, except for the structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main changes are as follows:
The scope of this document has been expanded (see Chapter 1),
In the bi-byte encoding area, the positions of the 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 component characters in the GB/I 13000 code have been changed, and except for 6 repeated component characters and 9 repeated characters (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 version),
18 GB/T 13000 code positions were changed in the four-digit code area (see Appendix D, 2005 version of Appendix D);
Appendix “Additional Chinese Characters and Radicals/Parts” was deleted, and Appendix 0 in the 2005 edition was added.
" an additional level of achievement " (see draft 9);
The information appendix “General Standardized Chinese Character Table; Code Position of Characters” is added, see Appendix D.
Please note that some of the contents of this document may involve patents. The release unit of this document is not responsible for identifying patents.
This document is proposed by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China and is under its jurisdiction.
The publication of this document and its predecessor versions is as follows:
The first edition was published in 2000 as GB 18030-2000, and the first revision was made in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 一 2022
Information Enhancement
1 This document specifies the Chinese graphic characters and binary codes for information technology.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other graphic character information.
This document applies to technical products with the function of informatization processing and exchange of Chinese and other graphic characters, including but not limited to software products such as input method, optical character recognition (OCR), editing proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text conversion, and word processing, and portable products such as computers, communication terminals, electronic book readers, and learning machines.
2 Normative References
The following documents form an integral part of this document by way of normative reference.
Of these, a citation with a date of issue applies only to the version corresponding to that date; a citation without a date of issue applies to the latest factory version (including all amendments) of the document.
GB/T 2312-1980 “Character set for information interchange in Chinese” Basic set
GB/I 11383-1989 Information processing -- Eight-bit code structure and coding rules for information interchange
GB/T 13000 Information technology - Universal multiple-octet coded character set (UCS)
3 Terms and definitions
The following definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character
An element of a set of elements that is used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Show the character (3.1) and its encoding.
3.3 Private use area
Users who use products that conform to this document can define their own regions.
3.4 Repertoire
A specified character set (3.1) represented by a code point set (3.2).
3.5 Protected zone
Reserved for future use in accordance with the provisions of this document.
GB 18030 一 2022
4 words
4.1 Overview
The characters in this document are encoded as single, double, or quadruple bytes.
The single-byte part contains all 128 characters of 0x00~0x7F in GB/T 11383-1989.
4.3 Two-byte Part
The double-byte part contains all the graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, the CJK Unified Han characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
The characters in the double-octet part are specified in Appendix A.
In particular, the graphic, code position and function of the alphabetic character set description shall conform to the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract shapes are assigned separate code positions; Chinese characters with the same abstract shapes but different origins are assigned shared code positions.
The encoded characters are called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Four-byte part
The four-byte part includes 66 CJK Unified Ideographs in GB/T 13000 (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding 9FB4 to 9FBB, and 9FF0 to 9FFF) and characters of CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion A, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion B, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion C, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion D, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion E, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion F, and characters of ethnic minority scripts that have been encoded in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the four-octet part are specified in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
All hexadecimal values in this document are prefixed with 0x.
All codes in the appendix are in hexadecimal, and all other numbers are in decimal.
The single-byte part adopts the coding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using the code positions of 0x00~0x7F.
The two-byte Gong part represents one character by two eight-bit binary positions. The first byte code is from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the second byte code is from 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE.
The four-byte part adopts 0x30 to 0x39, which are not adopted in GB/T 11383-1989, as the suffix for expanding the double-byte encoding, and the encoding range is 0x81308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The first character of a four-character string is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; the second character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39; the third character is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; and the fourth character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39. That is, 0x81308130 to 0x81308139; 0x81308230 to 0x81308239; 0x8130FEFE30 to 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 to 0x81318139; 0x0URo23061393 to 0xFE39FE39; 0xFE39FE30 to 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and the code position range are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
The sequence of 6 characters
6.1 Alphabetical order of individual character brushes
The single-character record part is arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 The order of arrangement of the characters in the two-character city name
The characters in the lower part of the double word shall be arranged in accordance with Appendix A.
6.3 The order of characters in the four-character flash section
From 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, there are 50400 code points, which correspond to all the characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane that are not included in the bi-character part, and are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, 1058400 code positions are used to correspond to 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, and the order of characters is arranged in sequence according to the corresponding code positions of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The order of the four-octet characters shall conform to Appendix C.
7-bit allocation
1. Code allocation for single-character city
The code positions of the single-byte part are allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
The allocation of single byte code positions is shown in figure 2.
2. Code position allocation of the double-digit part
The byte pairing arrangement of the two-byte part is divided into two parts: 0x8140~0xFE7E and 0x8180~0xFEFE, with a total of 23940 code points.
The allocation of the two byte code positions is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 code points
Two-byte 1st octet: 846 bits
SS WA and RS Binh Dinh 3 district 6080 code
First byte 0xA8~0xA9, second byte 5 sectors: 192 code positions
3. Two-letter vegetable part code space structure diagram
Table 2 Code position arrangement of the bi-character hearing aid
Human code range
Code position allocation of the four-character brush section
The four-character part includes Chinese characters and some minority ethnic scripts.
The allocation of the four-bit human code is shown in Table 3.
The allocation of the four-bit supplementary code elements not specified in Table 3 is given in 6.3.
Table 3 Code position arrangement of the four-character hearing department
Bit range
Table 3 Code position arrangement of four-bit part (continued)
Bit range Number of digits
From 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39, there are 25200 code points for user customization.
The other four bytes are reserved and are reserved for future file extensions.
8. Description of characters and codes
Compared with GB 18030-2006, the shape of some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General Principles
This document defines three levels of conformance.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Achieve Level 1
Implement the CJK Unified Ideographs at level 1 (i.e., 0x82358F33 to 0x82359636) and CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion-A (i.e., 0x8139EE39 to 0x82358738) in the single-byte, bi-seasonal, and four-bit code parts of this document.
Any product covered by this document shall meet Level 1 conformance.
Note: Depending on the software application requirements, Level 1 can also support any one or more of the non-Chinese character types listed in Table 3.
9.3 Achieve Level 2
Level 2 includes Level 1.
In addition, it also realizes the level 2 surrogate characters in the General Standard of Chinese Characters Table.
The Unicode Standard Han Character Table) codes and shapes of the characters included in this document are shown in the appendix.
System software and supporting software shall meet the requirements of level 2.
Note: System software and application software include but are not limited to operating systems, database management systems, and middleware (for information on the classification of software products, see GB/T 36475).
9.4 Achieve Level 3
Level 3 includes Level 2.
In addition, the Level 3 realizes all the Chinese characters stipulated in this paper and the Kanji radicals in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services shall meet the requirements of level 3.
Note: The business of public service and communal service includes but is not limited to railway transportation, road transportation, water transportation, air transportation, multimodal transportation and transportation agency, postal service, money and financial service, insurance, land management, health, state institutions, social security, etc. (For information on industry classification, see GB/T 4754).
Appendix A (normative)
Two-character string table
A.1 Table of contents
This table shows the shape and code of the two-byte encoded characters, and the position of the corresponding code in GB/T 13000.
Explanation of the table A.2
Here is an example:
First byte, second byte, low position
Double byte 3 area
Second byte high order GBCT 13000 Code position
Appendix B (prescriptive)
Symbolic description
This appendix lists 13 pictographic description symbols specified by GB/TI 13000 and provides their graphic codes and function descriptions.
For specific details, see Table B.1.
Table B.1: Graphic, Code Position, and Function Description of Alphabetic Characters
The bit positions of this document are similar but not equal to the bit positions of GB/T 13000, and they are used to express the characters that are not in the character table
Left and right structure
Up-down structure
Left, center, right structure
Upper Middle Lower structure
All-encompassing structure
The structure of the encirclement and suppression
Back to the encirclement structure
Right encirclement structure
Right lower encasement structure
Left Lower Enclosure
Right upper encasement structure
Rent-purchase structure
Appendix C (normative)
Four-character Zhuyin keyboard
C.1 Table of contents
This table shows the shape and code of Chinese characters and some ethnic minority scripts, and also gives the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code but the position, and the shape of other parts is omitted.
Explanation of Table C.2
Appendix D (Informative)
Description of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 positions of GB/T 13000 code
B 18030 1 2005 specifies the provisional code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese components in GB/I 13000, and these code positions are adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Correspondence of adjusted codes (continued)
This document and the corresponding GB/T 13000 code points for GB 18030-2005
D.2 6 Hanzi components deleted in the Duanwu District
Table D.2 Code position and reserved characters
D.3 9 Han characters deleted in the bottom half of the double-byte area
This document deletes 9 CJK ideographic characters in GB/TI 13000 included in GB 18030-2006, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 Deleted 9 CJK Compatibility Ideographs and their code positions
Appendix A (informative) General Standardization of Chinese Characters Table Code position of Chinese characters
This document records all 8105 standard characters in the 4th General Standard Character Set Approved by the State Council of the People’s Republic of China in 2013, and their code positions and characters are shown in Table 1.
The order of Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the 4,000 commonly used characters in the 》Commonly Used Characters Table. The characters with the numbers 1, 3500, 3501, 6500, 6501, and 8105 are the first-level, second-level, and third-level characters, respectively.
Table E.1 Code positions and shapes of Chinese characters in the General Standardization of Chinese Characters
GB/ 工 4754 Industrial Classification of National Economy
GB/ 36475 Classification of software products
General Standard Character Set. State Council of the People’s Republic of China (National Development and Reform Commission, 2013, No. 23).
This page is adapted from the full documentation of the GNU C Compiler, and is intended only to explain the meaning of the options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain it, the EURo file is the authoritative document.
If you find any discrepancies between the pages of this manual and the software, please refer to the Info section.
If we find that the contents of this page are causing significant confusion and complaints because they are out of date, we will stop publishing it. There is no other option, such as updating the Info file while updating the man pages, because other work maintaining Gnu cc does not leave us time to do this. The GNU project thinks that the man pages are outdated and should be used elsewhere.
For a complete and up-to-date documentation, refer to the Info files `gee' or Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manuals. Both are derived from the Texinfo source file gee. texinfo.
The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They both require one or more of the four steps to process input files: preprocessing, Hii (compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking).
The suffix identifies the language of the source file, but the compiler is controlled by the suffix:
gcc treats the preprocessed file (.i) as a C file and sets the connection in C format,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a C++ file and sets up the connection in C++ style.
The suffix of the source file indicates the type of language and the post-processing:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i preprocessed C file; compile, assemble
.ii preprocessed C++ files; compilation, assembly
.s assembly language source program; assembly
Compile the language source program; preprocessing, assembly.
.h preprocessor file; usually does not appear on the command line. Other files with the same suffix are passed to the linker. Typically includes:
.0 Object file
.a Archive File
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compile error prevents the entire process), linking is always the last step.
During linking, all.e files corresponding to source programs, -1 library files, and unrecognizable filenames (including specified.o and.a library files) are passed to the linker options in the order they appear on the command line.
Options must be given on the command line, like this: "de" is not the same as "-d -r ".
Most of the `-fname' and `-Wname' options are the opposite of each other: `-fname' and `-fno-name', or `-Wname' and `-Wno-name'.
Only the formats that are not the default are listed here.
Below is a summary of all options, grouped by type, with explanations in the following sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Specifies that the language of the file to be entered is language (instead of the default selection derived from the file name).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next `-x' option with a valid.language argument.
Close any explicit language indication, thus based on the file name after the file RE AS E ` -x' option).
If you only want to operate on a part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, linking), you can use the `-x' option (or Ah at the end of the file name) to tell geo where to start, and `-c', `-s', or `-E' options to tell geo where to end. Note that some combinations of options (for example, `-x cpp-output -E') tell geo to compile or assemble the source file, and if ETER. ERA ATI is not specified, GCC will use `.o' to replace the source file name with `.ec' and `.ec' as the output file name. You can use the `-o' option to choose other names. GCC ignores any unrecognizable input after `-ec'.
The target file is complete.
Compilation stops when it is done, without assembling.
Work on different stages of the compilation process using pipes instead of temporary files, because the assemblers of those systems cannot read data from pipes, GNU assembler does not have this problem, and the assembler accepts a C "dialect": it supports C programs that conform to the ANSI standard.
This will close some features in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as features such as unix and vax that indicate the rarely used ANSI trigraph features, and the prohibition of using (Note: all standard libraries are available under the hosted environment, and the main function returns an int value, and typical examples are almost all programs except for the kernel. The corresponding freestanding environment does not have standard libraries, and the program entry is not necessarily main. The most obvious example is the operating system kernel. For details, refer to the latest information on the gcc website)
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', C-style is used - i.e., no number or type of parameters is specified. (This is for C++ only.)
Normally, such a function foo in C++ means that the parameter is empty.
The Newlib library is here, and it attempts to support some aspects of traditional C compilers.
See the NU c manual for details, which we have removed so that people won't HERI when the content is out of date.
Except for one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing this to be assigned.
It's the same as the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional C preprocessor.
Especially the part about the preprocessor, but not the other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers Allows the use of '$' characters in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the `-Eno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to indicate that `$'  characters are not allowed.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' character by default on some target systems, but not on all.)
-fenum-int-equiv Allows implicit conversions from ant type to enumeration type (MEF C++).
Normally, GNU C++ allows the conversion from enum to int, but not vice versa.
-fexternal-—templates generates smaller code for template declarations (only C++), by generating a copy of each template function only where it is defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark `#pragma implementation` (define) or `#pragma interface` (declare) in all files that use the template.
When compiling with `-fexternal-templates ', all template instantiations are external types. You must have the instances you need appear in the implementation files.
This can be achieved by using typedef, which quotes each instance as needed.
Correspondingly, if the default option `-fno-external-templates' is used at compile time, all template instances are explicitly set to be built-in.
All member functions (except constructors, and the member operators mnew and delete) are considered to be virtual functions of their class.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal vtable.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch Allows the types of the second and third arguments of the conditional expression to mismatch.
The value of this kind of expression is Void.-fthis-—is-variable allows this to be assigned (only for C++).
Merging the user-defined free storage management mechanism into C++ makes the assignable `this' out of place.
Therefore, by default, an attempt to assign to this inside a class member function is invalid.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this work by using the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, like unsigned char.
All machines have their own default char type, which may be either unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, when symbolic data dependencies are involved, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned char.
But many programs are written to use only simple chars, and this is for a signed machine (or an unsigned machine, depending on the target machine the program is written for).
This option, and its inverse, make such programs work on the corresponding default value.
The type of char should always be explicitly declared as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If no `signed' or `unsigned' modifier is specified, these options define a signed or unsigned bit field, respectively.
By default, the bit fields are signed because their underlying integer types, such as int, are signed, but if the -traditional option is specified, the bit fields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in writable data segments and does not do any special handling.
This is to maintain compatibility with some old programs, and they consider changing the string constant to be a very bad idea; the `-traditional' option also has the same effect.
Executive Summary
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
Its impact could be similar to the 2008 economic crisis.
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed healthcare systems, leading to near-collapse, and the restrictions imposed by governments have caused severe disruption to the global economy.
The impact of the epidemic on the drug market is not clear and difficult to predict, but it may be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to make drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers may be forced to find new routes and methods because of travel restrictions.
The patterns of drug use and supply may change, and the government's ability to respond may be hampered.
The changes brought about by COVID-19 are unprecedented, but we can still learn from past crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances and turned to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut their drug-related budgets.
If governments respond to the current economic downturn in the same way, interventions to prevent drug use and related risk behaviours, and drug treatment and care services, could be severely impacted.
In addition, the priority of interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Some countries have a large amount of drugs smuggled through commercial flights, and these countries are expected to be the most directly affected by drug trafficking.
Messengers are carrying methamphetamine and other synthetic drugs in their backpacks or stashed in their personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. With restrictions on air travel in place almost everywhere, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs is likely to be completely disrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, activities involving the use of the dark web and parcel post for trafficking may increase.
In the long run, the economic recession and the related lockdown measures could disrupt the drug market.
With rising unemployment and a lack of opportunities, the poor and vulnerable are more likely to use drugs in a harmful way, develop drug-related illnesses and turn to illicit activities related to drug production or trafficking.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of the situation to offer services to vulnerable people and recruit new members to grow their ranks.
As government capacity to respond diminishes, these shifts are likely to take root quickly, becoming the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth pattern partly explains the reason for market expansion.
Drug abuse is on the rise worldwide, both in terms of the overall number of drug users and the proportion of the world's population that uses drugs.
In 2009, it was estimated that there were 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged between 15 and 64. In 2018, it was estimated that there were 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3% of the population in this age group.
During the past two decades, the growth of drug use in developing countries has been much faster than in developed countries.
This reflects, to some extent, the difference in overall population growth between developed countries, which was 7%, and developing countries, which was 28%, but also reflects the rapid growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population in this age group grew by 16% in developing countries, while it fell by 10% in developed countries.
Urbanization is a driving factor in the current and future drug markets.
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more prevalent in urban areas than in rural areas.
Part of the reason for the overall increase in drug use is the massive shift of people from rural to urban areas, with more than half of the world's population now living in urban areas, compared with 34 per cent in 1960.
Urbanization is likely to be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, particularly in developing countries where urbanization is more pronounced.
The increase in wealth is linked to the increase in drug use, but the burden of disease is greatest among the poorest people worldwide, and drug use is more common in developed countries than in developing countries.
Cocaine and other drugs are also more firmly linked to the world's wealthier regions.
Similarly, within countries, the richer segments of society have higher prevalence rates.
But the rate of conversion to drug addiction is higher among people with lower socio-economic status.
Data from a few countries suggest that there is a link between harmful drug use patterns and disease and low income.
These patterns seem less common among the wealthier segments of society.
The economic constraints of the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks faced by the most vulnerable, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have traditionally been linked to increased drug use, and the pandemic has already caused millions of people worldwide to lose their jobs.
The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to further expansion of the drug market. The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in the cultivation of illicit crops, either because of the reduced ability of national authorities to control them or because of the increased number of people who may be forced to take risks and engage in illicit activities in the context of economic crises.
The related restrictions on air and land transportation have led to an increase in maritime trafficking, which is less risky and more numerous than air or land smuggling.
Recently, there have been reports that cocaine is being transported directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Complexity increased.
The situation of non-international controlled substances is stable, but new types of opioids with potential harm are increasing, and the drug market is becoming more complex.
In addition to plant substances such as marijuana, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of drugs is also rapidly increasing.
There are about 500 new types of active substances in the domestic market of member countries every year.
Currently, most of them are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid agonists and a small amount of opioids.
Although the total number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
Of the total number of new psychoactive substances identified in 2014, only 2% were new psychoactive substances of the opioid type, but by 2018, this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances are similar to fentanyl, and their effects and dangers have been proven, leading to overdose deaths in North America, and to a lesser extent in other regions.
In North America, it is used as a cutting agent for heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, and to make counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
There is evidence that Europe is also experiencing the injection of new psychoactive substances: a study of waste from syringes in six European cities found that many contained new psychoactive substances.
The use of new psychoactive substances may become entrenched among vulnerable groups.
New psychoactive substances of a single type have almost never formed a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported on the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with most identifying synthetic cannabinoids as the main challenge.
Controls on precursor chemicals have forced drug makers to innovate. Many chemicals used as precursors to manufacture amphetamine, methamphetamine and ecstasy have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and manufacturers have been looking for alternatives, not only substances with less regulation, but also chemicals designed specifically to evade regulation, known as "tailor-made precursors."
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to put further pressure on drug makers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests this is already a reality: In March 2020, a shortage of methylphenidate precursors imported from East Asia reportedly drove up prices of methylphenidate in Mexico and the United States.
The market is constantly changing.
Synthetic drugs replace opiates in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opioid market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opiates intercepted by the authorities of the Russian Federation has fallen by about 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for the use of opiates has decreased significantly.
But the market for performance-enhancing drugs seems to be thriving.
Evidence suggests that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including ephedrine and a-pyrrolidinopentiophenone, are now readily available on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities reported that the number of secret drug manufacturing sites for various illicit drugs seized recently has risen sharply, more than doubled in two years, and increased to 152 in 2018.
Afghanistan and Iraq Methamphetamine Markets Grow
As early as 2012, surveys of people in hospitals, prisons and other institutions had revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal methamphetamine has become a major drug of concern, in addition to "fenethylline" and quomodone.
A 2015 study confirmed these findings, with drug users saying cannabis was harder to get than "fentanyl" or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities have discovered several methamphetamine processing sites, and the International Narcotics Control Board has expressed concern about the large-scale importation of pseudoephedrine preparations, which are used as precursors in methamphetamine processing.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacture appears to have started in 2014.
Since then, seizures of methamphetamine have been steadily increasing.
However, the seizure volume in the first half of 2019 was 657 kg, a significant increase compared with the previous year.
Large quantities of methamphetamine believed to originate from Afghanistan have been seized in other countries, indicating that production in the country is rising rapidly.
Policy changes and trends of change
Most of the jurisdictions that have legalized non-medical cannabis use have seen an increase in cannabis use.
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States allow the production of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical cannabis use.
In Colorado and Washington, the two states that first legalized marijuana, adult use of the drug has increased, particularly in the past month and on a daily or near-daily basis, surpassing the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that since 2011, marijuana use in Uruguay has increased, and last month's use has almost doubled.
This indicates that the main reason for the increase is the regular and frequent use of cannabis.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, use was also increasing.
However, in 2019, 40% of cannabis users still obtained some products from illegal sources.
Is the reason behind the sharp drop in global cannabis herb seizures the legalization of cannabis?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years, as seizures in North America fell by 84% over the past decade.
By comparison, seizures in other parts of the world nearly doubled over the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at loosening the marijuana market have played a key role in the increase.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances seems to have a deterrent effect. It is still difficult to evaluate the effect of the regulation of new psychoactive substances in China.
Some countries with different regulatory regimes for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of new psychoactive substance use.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased following domestic legislation.
Vulnerable populations face harms from both licit and illicit drug markets. The use of opioids for pain management and palliative care is unevenly distributed across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all opioids available for medical use were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
These countries account for about 12% of the world's population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries account for 88% of the global population, but consume less than 10% of the pharmaceutical opioids.
Obstacles to obtaining opioids for medical use are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescribing practices.
The poor are more likely to suffer from drug addiction. In 2018, about 35.6 million people suffered from drug addiction.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalization may increase the risk of and exacerbate the consequences of drug use, as confirmed by studies in high-income countries, where the socio-economic trajectory of individuals is not only related to their situation at a given point in time, but also to the risk of drug use.
Drug use also exacerbates socio-economic disadvantage, increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thereby perpetuating the cycle of disadvantage. These outcomes may also be related to stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and migrants, sexual and gender diverse groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disaster, and those living in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by drug dependence or face barriers to accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy years of life lost due to disability and premature death, the harmful effects of drug use have worsened over the past decade.
From 2007 to 2018, the global disability-adjusted life years attributable to drug use increased by 17%.
The increase in the number of years of life with disability associated with hepatocellular carcinoma in injecting drug users without treatment for hepatitis C was particularly high, at 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex, and it is difficult to establish a causal link between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggests that intoxication may be a significant factor in homicides.
But in violent incidents, alcohol seems to play a bigger role than drugs.
While drug use may lead to crime, in some cases, this link can be partly attributed to a range of intervening factors, such as socio-economic disadvantage, and other types of adversity, such as individual risk, family environment and peer influences.
The connection between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, can be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the existence and intensity of violence is more dependent on changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group and strengthen another.
Latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most dangerous.
It is estimated that 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most widely used drug in the world.
By comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
But the related hazards of opioids have been ignored because of the small number of users.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths in 2017 related to drug use, 66 per cent were caused by these substances, and 50 per cent of the estimated 21 million years of life lost due to disability or premature deaths attributable to drug use were caused by these substances.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa and North Africa, the crisis is aggravated by methaqualone; in North America, it is by fentanyl. The two regions have almost nothing in common in terms of economic, demographic or drug use patterns, but they are both struggling to cope with an opioid crisis fuelled by the availability and low cost of production of the substances.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to a surge in opioid overdose deaths over the past two decades.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada also reported similar results, but with lower numbers.
Part of the reason that fentanyl overdoses are so deadly is that fentanyl is unpredictable in the illicit drug market.
In West Africa, Central Africa and North Africa, the market for non-medical use of khat has grown significantly.
In the region, more and more patients with the disease are receiving treatment with Qumado.
In 2017, the global interception of fentanyl increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.
However, in 2018, the global seizure volume fell to 32 tons after India passed a new law to regulate ketamine.
The crises in both places were fueled by the manufacture of simple and inexpensive products, and the lack of international regulation of ketamine and many other similar substances or their precursors.
What makes the crisis worse in both places is that the substances are available on the pharmaceutical and black markets, making them harder to detect and prevent abuse.
Increasing use of performance-enhancing drugs
The main drugs of abuse are cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are increasing in use in their main markets.
Some 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, with the drug most prevalent in North America and Western Europe.
Some 27 million people used amphetamines in 2016, with methamphetamine the most commonly used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, methamphetamine use has been expanding in both regions for the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, and sometimes even substitute for each other. When the use of one drug rises, the use of the other falls, and sometimes both increase and decrease simultaneously to meet the demands of the same market.
COVID-19 increases the risk for injecting drug users
It is estimated that there were about 11.3 million people who injected drugs in 2018, and about 10% of the global HIV infections were caused by injecting drugs.
More than 1 million injection drug users are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million people have hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died of drug addiction, half of whom died of liver disease caused by hepatitis B, and most of the injecting drug users with hepatitis B have not been treated.
The shortage of opioids caused by COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to substitute with more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to snorting or injecting more frequently, more harmful use patterns may emerge.
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Instructions for use
Product Introduction
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it properly.
The earphone comes with a medium-sized earplug, and if you feel uncomfortable, you can remove it.
01 Put on headphones
Gently push the earbuds into your ears, with the earbuds tilted slightly downwards, so that the headphones don't move around.
Speaking into the microphone of the headset while facing the mouth can make the call clearer.
When switching to voice, please remember to adjust the microphone of the headset.
Before using the device with charging, please tear off the webs on the left and right charging points of the earphone, and fully charge the charging box and earphone.
The charging cable can be inserted to charge the headphones and the charging box at the same time.
The charging indicator light is on when the charging box is not fully charged. The charging indicator light is on when the charging box is fully charged. The charging indicator light turns off when the charging box is fully charged.
The earphone charging light is on and the earphone is fully charged. The earphone charging light is on and the earphone is fully charged after 1 minute.
02 Charging and Bootup
The headphones are in the charging box, and they will automatically turn on when you take them out of the charging box.
The earphones are not in the charging box and have been turned off. Press and hold the multi-function button for about 1 second (the white light will be on for 1 second).
Hold for about 1 second.
White light is on for 1 second.
Shutdown
Put it into the charging box, and the headset will automatically turn off.
In the ON state, press and hold the multi-function button for about 5 seconds (red light is on for 2 seconds)
Hold down for about 5 seconds.
Human Red Light Long Light 2 Machine
03 Start using
Auto-pairing: the station pairs the two earphones from the charging box outside.
The two cars started automatically, and the white lights lit up.
Red and white lights then flickered on and off. The left and right pouches were like strings of beads.
Wait for the left/right earphone LED to flash. Open the device and search for “RedmIArDots2” and click OK.
After the first connection, the Balance will automatically reconnect to the last paired device (Bluetooth must be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the headphones back in the charging case and repeat the above steps.
Long press for about 1 second to turn on
Headset indicator light
Freely switch between one ear and two ears; when the two earphones are connected successfully, they are connected in a double-tone; when you put one earphone back into the charging box and turn off the power, the other earphone enters the single-ear mode, and it can automatically restore to the double-ear mode when you take it out again.
Manual connection: Turn on the earphones manually. The white light will light up, and then the white and red light will flash. The left and right earphones will be automatically connected. Wait for the white light of the left and right earphones to flash slowly, and then turn on the device to search for the Bluetooth connection.
Resetting the headphones
If the headphones cannot be connected and used normally, please reset them according to the following method.
Headphones: Turn off the headphones and hold down the multi-function button of both headphones for 15 seconds until the red and white lights flash three times, then release and put the headphones back into the charging case (to clear the pairing record between the headphones and the mobile phone).
04 The product accessories, user interface and other illustrations in the manual are for reference only. Due to the updating and upgrading of the product, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the illustrations. Please refer to the actual product.
Commissioner: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Fengxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi ecosystem enterprises)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongli District, Chongqing
Business phone: 400-100-5678
For relevant information of Benyang Operation, please refer to the sales network: www.micom
The patent application reads: V10reae
Functional highlights
The following functions can be operated by the left and right earphones. Answer a call by pressing lightly; hang up a call, play/pause audio during a call or music, and release it by pressing and holding for about 1 second.
Turn off the phone when receiving a call, switch to the headset/mobile phone when listening to a call, double click
Mute/Unmute during a call
When on standby, activate voice assistant (if your device supports voice function and you have enabled the quick wake-up setting)
Answer the second call and switch the calls
When you are in a call, you can click the multifunction key to keep the previous call or answer the second call when you receive a new call; you can double-click the multifunction key to switch between two calls.
Basic parameters
Product Name: Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Product Model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the headset
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameters: 5V 2 100mA
Single ear weight: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free environment)
Wireless connectivity: Bluetooth 5.0
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Talk time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
Warning
1. Do not disassemble, repair or modify the earphone for any reason, otherwise it may cause fire or even completely damage the product;
2 Do not place the device in an environment with low or high temperature;
3 When using the device indicator light, please avoid the eyes of children or animals;
4 Do not use the device in a thunderstorm, as thunderstorms can cause the device to malfunction and increase the risk of electric shock.
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to clean this product;
6 Do not allow the product to come into contact with liquids.
Notice
1. If the product is not used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 It is necessary to choose a regular manufacturer to produce the charger that has been certified by the national CCC
3 Long-term continuous use of headphones may cause hearing loss, please control the use time and volume reasonably;
4 Using headphones will reduce the ability to hear external sounds, so please do not use headphones in environments that may threaten safety.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5, 500mA
Output parameters: 5V 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Battery Type: Lithium-ion Polymer
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Warranty Notice
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones product after-sales service is strict
In accordance with the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, we provide after-sales service with three guarantees, as follows:
1. Warranty Policy
1 Within 7 days from the day after you receive the product, if the product has performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Fault Table”, and the faults are confirmed by the after-sales service center of Xiaomi, you can enjoy free return or exchange of goods;
2. If the product has performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 ee E fault table” within 8-15 days after you receive the product, and the fault is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can
Within 12 months from the date of receipt, if the product has performance faults listed in the “Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Fault Table”, and the fault is confirmed by the after-sales service center of Xiaomi, you can enjoy free repair services.
Product performance failure table of Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Name Performance Failure
1 No sound during use.
The other person couldn't hear me when I was using the Bluetooth headset.
The battery could not be charged.
07 Warranty Exclusions
1 Unauthorized repair, misuse, collision, negligence, improper use, adding liquid, accident, modification, incorrect use of non-original accessories or tearing, overwriting, or defacing the anti-counterfeiting mark;
2. It has exceeded the validity period of three packages;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Not in line with the performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Fault Table”
5. The product and its accessories have performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Fault Table” due to human factors.
Name and content of harmful substances in the product
Harmful substances are compiled according to the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: means that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the part is below the limit specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates refugee policy; EU officials: reception process has bottlenecks at every step - ECNS
EU summit is in a difficult position on refugee policy, and EU officials say that every step in the reception process is a bottleneck
[Reporter of the Epoch Times, special envoy to Belgium, Ni Fei] According to a report by Agence France-Presse on February 10, at the latest EU summit on that day, the President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, said that the EU leaders agreed to establish stricter policies on illegal immigrants, so that it would be easier to expel illegal immigrants.
The move by the EU is reportedly in response to growing concerns over illegal immigration in Europe, where the core issue now is that the number of illegal immigrants who can ultimately be repatriated is very small.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the commission "to immediately mobilize a significant amount of EU funds" to strengthen external borders with infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and its member states have been arguing over issues such as the cost of the fence.
She has repeatedly said that EU funds will not pay for it.
But some diplomats from member states said that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along its external borders, it would free up national budgets and speed up the construction process.
According to the European Euractiv website, EU officials admitted that every step of the refugee reception process was a bottleneck, and the limited reception capacity and overburdened immigration authorities of member countries could not stop refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications in EU countries, and the refugee reception system of the EU was in a near-"permanent crisis".
According to the European Commission, the Schengen countries in the EU received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, nearly half of which were more than the previous year.
Meanwhile, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal border crossings last year.
In this context, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries can deport illegal immigrants back to their home countries based on the judgments of the courts of another member country.
In addition, the EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of safe countries", which will pave the way for the EU to establish a common list, the report said.
(Source: The Global Times, Author: Ni Ruifeng)
The US upgraded the “chip war” and dealt a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry - www.chinanews.com
Recently, the United States has been escalating its “chip war” with China - first, the Netherlands and Japan, under pressure from the United States, agreed to launch controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; later, foreign media reported that the United States government is considering cutting off all links between US suppliers and Huawei, banning US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to publish an executive order to limit US investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries... As soon as the beginning of 2023, the United States has been using more and more evil tricks to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its moves to suppress China's "chip" development. On the one hand, it has accurately suppressed the semiconductor supply chain in China, and on the other hand, it has constructed a "de-China" alliance of semiconductor industrial chain, aiming to "break away" from China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to form a “technology alliance” with South Korea or a “semiconductor alliance” with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, or to form a “semiconductor industrial chain circle” through the “Quadrilateral Mechanism” and “Indo-Pacific Economic Framework” of the US, Japan, India and Australia, the US aims to build a closed industrial chain through the introduction of political, partisan and weaponized means into the semiconductor industry, so as to make up for its shortcomings in the field of semiconductor manufacturing and maintain its leading position in the global semiconductor industry.
However, the United States' overt "chip warfare" against China is also "injuring the enemy by 1,000 and hurting oneself by 800".
Recently, the famous chip manufacturing equipment supplier in the United States, the Panlin Group, announced that the group would lay off 1,300 full-time employees due to the latest round of export ban on chip manufacturing equipment to China, and it also plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
The Dutch ASML, a global leader in lithography machines, recently warned that banning the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to a rise in the price of semiconductors.
According to analysis by American media, after the US government imposed arbitrary sanctions on the semiconductor and other industries in China, many American companies suffered, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, manufacturers of wafer manufacturing equipment, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The United States claims to suppress China's advanced semiconductor industry, but it drags down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and a closely linked global semiconductor industry chain has already formed.
According to the estimation of professionals, based on the specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross the border of various countries more than 70 times, and the whole process takes 100 days.
Although the United States has a relatively strong semiconductor industry foundation, it is relatively weak in manufacturing capabilities, especially in advanced process technologies, and is heavily dependent on the East Asian region.
Even if the United States tries to guide the advanced chip supply chain to the “small circle” regional development dominated by the United States, the regional distribution and mutual dependence of the global semiconductor industry will be difficult to change.
The United States has been “re-shaping” the semiconductor industry chain by “de-China-ing” it, which has dealt a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the future industry in the world, and the development of the chip industry cannot be separated from the joint participation of all countries in the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, including the introduction of the Innovation and Competition Act, the American Competition Act 2022, and the Chips and Science Act, to use technological hegemony to consolidate its technological leadership; it has used “kindness and severity” to induce Intel, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, and Samsung, among other semiconductor manufacturers, to set up factories in the United States, and has made great efforts to ensure that the United States maintains its global leadership in the field of semiconductors.
In the short term, the United States has indeed created trouble for China's semiconductor industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.
In the long run, however, the United States' excessive suppression will force China's semiconductor industry to break through, causing the United States to lose a huge Chinese market, which will ultimately greatly weaken the innovation willingness and ability of US technology companies, and harm the development of the global semiconductor industry.
Gao Jiao
First batch of personal pension financial products launched, with a holding period of as little as 360 days - www.chinanews.com
First batch of personal pension financial products on sale
7 products of family institutions can be selected, and the shortest holding period is 360 days.
Personal pension financial products have finally been launched.
On February 10, China Finance Network released the first list of personal pension financial products, and 7 personal pension financial products of Bank of China Finance, Agricultural Bank of China Finance and China Postal Savings were officially launched.
Up to now, the "shelves" of personal pension accounts have finally been filled with four types of products, namely personal pension savings, personal pension investment, personal pension insurance, and publicly-offered personal pension funds.
It was introduced that the first batch of personal pension financial products are all publicly offered net asset value open-end products, including 5 newly issued products and 2 existing products, except for 1 product which is a mixed type product, the other 6 products are all fixed income type products.
As a reporter from Beijing Youth Daily saw, 4 out of the 5 new products were from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which were fixed-income products with the shortest holding period of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, and the corresponding performance benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, 5.25% - 5.75%.
The remaining new product is "Postal Savings Wealth Adds Joy Hongqing No. 1 Shortest Holding Period 1095 Days ", which is also a fixed income product. It started to collect on February 10 and ended on February 19. The risk level is level 2.
Of the two surviving products, one is Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management’s “Agricultural Bank of China Unity and Dynamism” 360-day Science and Technology Innovation RMB Wealth Management Product, which is a mixed-type investment with a risk level of three.
Another surviving product is "Postal Savings Wealth Adds Joy Hongkong No. 1 with the shortest holding period of 365 days," a fixed-income type, which started to raise funds on December 30 last year and officially started operation on January 4 this year. Its cumulative net value on February 8 was 1.0011.
According to the Opinions of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Individual Pension, the funds in the personal pension account can be invested in financial products such as bank wealth management products, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, and publicly-offered funds.
The first personal pension financial products were launched, marking the official start of personal pension investors’ ability to purchase financial products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the Provisional Measures for the Management of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Asset Management Companies.
The Measures stipulate that participants may purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension financial products, personal pension insurance products, and publicly-offered personal pension fund products through their personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation jointly issued a notice, clarifying that the individual pension system would be implemented in 36 pilot cities and regions, including Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei Shijiazhuang, as well as the Xiongan New Area, and Jincheng, Shanxi.
As of the end of 2022, the number of participants in individual pensions was 19.54 million, and the number of contributors was 6.13 million, with total contributions of 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, banks participating in the pilot only offered three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products, and publicly-traded funds for personal pensions.
Now that personal pension investment products have gathered together, how should investors choose?
According to experts from the product development department of ICBC Wealth Management, compared with other personal pension products, the pilot period of the pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products have three characteristics.
First, it is stable, with a more complete risk management mechanism, more stable investment strategies and concepts, and third-party independent custody by non-parent banks.
2. Long-term: the duration of the pilot period for the long-term care financial products is 5 years or more, and the holding period of the individual pension financial products to be issued in the future is 1 year as a principle, and holding for more than 3 years is encouraged.
Third, it is inclusive. The purchase threshold of products is low, and the starting point is generally 1 yuan, and some are as low as 0.01 yuan. The custody fee, management fee, and other fees of the products are more favorable.
Professionals pointed out that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the products and their own risk tolerance.
The characteristics of personal pension savings are long-term, high interest rates, and high safety; it is suitable for people with low risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products are focused on protection, and are suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; personal pension investment products and publicly-offered fund products are not guaranteed to return the principal or earnings, have certain investment risks, but have higher expected returns, and are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk tolerance.
Written by Gao Xiaoping, pool editor of the paper
Fitness industry should get rid of trust crisis - chinanews.com
Another large gym “defaults”?
Recently, the issue of member rights protection of the famous fitness institution, Zhongxin Fitness, has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not operating normally, and then the rumor of the bankruptcy and running away of the agency caused panic among the members, leading to the involvement of the public security and human resources departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the agency came forward to respond, promising to try to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the storm was finally calmed down.
Some gyms have temporarily closed some of their stores due to operational problems, and consumers could have waited for the problems to be solved calmly. Why is the first reaction of many members “something is wrong”?
The legal battle for the rights of the members of the fitness club is a reflection of the deep-seated crisis of trust in the industry.
Traditional gyms in China generally adopt a prepaid model, and “making money from users who don’t come” is the underlying logic of their development.
The cash flow was obtained through the pre-sale of membership cards, and new stores were opened continuously, which seemed to be a cycle, but in fact, it was a case of eating the rice of the ox, and it was impossible to form a stable profit model.
Negative news such as gyms going bankrupt is spreading, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
In terms of market prospects, gyms are certainly a good business with a “promising future”.
The fitness industry has its ups and downs, but it has always been a focus of capital.
According to multiple data, the popularity of cultural and sports consumption has been rising, and the market has been recovering steadily.
Specifically in the fitness market, as the residents’ living standards have been steadily improving, the concept of a healthy life has been deeply rooted in people’s hearts, and the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, some institutions are overly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption, and just as they are coming out of the crisis, they are sounding the call to expand, and throwing all their financing into new store construction.
It is undeniable that many institutions have withdrawn due to the impact of the epidemic in recent years, and the industry has undergone a reshuffle. At this time, strong enterprises choose to increase their acquisition strength and reorganize, which is a new opportunity.
However, in order to develop into a virtuous cycle and embark on a prosperous path, the fitness industry must change its traditional model and business strategy.
Only by persevering and re-establishing consumer confidence and security can we truly win the market and win the future.
Compared to the market capture of Big Chill, the fitness industry currently needs to calm down and optimize its services, and stabilize users with high-quality development.
First, we need to rely on services to retain users.
Gyms belong to the service industry, and their essence is to adhere to the "user orientation", to focus on the user's needs, and to put the focus of their business on improving the quality of services.
Secondly, digital transformation is the key to improving user experience.
For example, the popular Internet gym model, which realizes user pay-per-use and self-selected venues.
At the same time, the effective utilization of body data and sports data can also meet social needs and realize a complete service cycle from online to offline.
Without private sales and huge annual fees, users' concerns about gyms "running away" are reduced, and their trust is improved.
In addition, we should actively explore multiple business models.
Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from single services to scenario consumption, and fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption. Surrounding products such as sports supplements and fitness equipment required for exercise may become new profit points, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianxiao
Buy cheap, return cheap!
“Price Difference Compensation” Reappears in Nanjing Real Estate Market - www.chinanews.com
Report from Yangzi Evening News (reporter Ma Zhupo): In an interview on the 10th, reporters from Yangzi Evening News/Zi Niu News found that the “protection agreement” that had not been seen for more than ten years had returned to the Nanjing real estate market. A property in the Nanjing New Area claimed “difference compensation”, and the discount of other properties was greater than the previous discount before the handover. The developer was willing to switch the property for the buyer and return the difference.
The conditions of the "protection agreement" are not few.
The building, located in Jiangbei New Area, is called Poli Yanzi Xieyun Tai, and the person who came to see the house, Mr. Sun, told the reporter that he found a “statement” when he visited the building last weekend.
The pictures he sent to the reporter showed that the developer of the property promised that if the buyer purchased the property between February 1 and February 28, the developer would change the property for the buyer and return the difference in price if the discount of the other properties of the project was greater than the discount enjoyed by the buyer before the signing of the contract (subject to other unsold properties of the same type of property, the same floor, the same unit, and the same property type as the property).
Mr. Sun said that the sales consultant said that this was actually a “price protection agreement”; the purpose was to make buyers feel at ease and not worry about the developer lowering the price for a promotion; “now, we are afraid that the price will be lowered after we buy it; we will be busy fighting at the sales office if the price is lowered, and if we don’t fight, we will feel relieved”.
Many home buyers also believe that the “price guarantee agreement” is a good deal for home buyers, despite the fact that the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who intends to buy a house for the first time in Jingbei, said that the house with the guarantee must be of the same type, in the same building and the same unit. There are very few houses for sale that buyers can compare, so the “threshold” is quite high.
Some buyers also believe that due to information asymmetry, it is not impossible that additional discounts will be given during the sale, making it difficult for buyers to “fight for their rights”.
Whether it can retain home buyers remains to be seen.
The reporter searched for the property on the Nanjing online real estate website and found that the project sold 252 units in two buildings in November last year, with floor areas of 105 square meters, 114 square meters, and 129 square meters, and the average selling price of fully furnished units was 39,843 yuan/square meter.
However, more than two months have passed, and the online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the project is 157, accounting for 62.3%, of which 8 units account for 128 units, and the number of unsold units is 113; among the 124 units of 7 units, 44 units are also unsold; the total transaction number of the project is only 33 units, accounting for only 13%.
Market insiders introduced that "guaranteed agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, Lvtanxiyuan, a building site on Huangshan Road in Hexi, launched a “guarantee plan” to attract buyers. The specific content was “the company solemnly promises that if the discount range of the project is expanded within one year, the company will return the difference to the old owners according to the difference”.
After that, in April 2011, nine projects in Nanjing also promised to compensate for the difference in price by offering some of their properties.
"The property market is recovering, and we need a 'stimulant' at this time.
"Shen, a senior operator in the real estate industry in Nanjing, said that the "guarantee agreement" is also one of the marketing methods of real estate companies.
He believes that developers are in greater need of confidence than buyers, and the introduction of the "price guarantee agreement" is actually intended to boost their confidence.
As for whether the buyers will stay, he said that it depends on the influence of multiple factors such as the control policies and the loan threshold, and it is still to be observed at present.
Many data declines, Taiwan’s economy has a poor start of the year - www.chinanews.com
Message from Xinhua News Agency in Taipei on February 11 (journalist Zhao Bo and Huang Yanyang): Export trade volume has been “five consecutive months of decline”, the Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) has contracted for seven consecutive months, and the Consumer Price Index (CPI) has seen “three-digit figures”… Recently, the Taiwan authorities have released the economic data of January 2023.
Experts analyzed that Taiwan's economy had a poor start in the year, and the growth pressure was not small.
According to the Taiwan authorities in charge of financial affairs, the exports of Taiwan region amounted to US$31.51 billion in January this year, a year-on-year decrease of 21.2%, and the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export volume of 11 major export commodities all showed a decline compared with the same period last year.
Rubber and plastic products and optical instruments fell the most, with year-on-year decreases of 37.6% and 35.7% respectively.
The export of electronic components decreased by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decrease in the past 11 years.
Among them, the annual decline of integrated circuits was 18.3%, the largest decline in 14 years.
Cai Meina, director of statistics of the department, said that this showed the weak demand effect of the consumer electronics industry and the adjustment period of the electronic industry.
Statistics show that in January, imports and exports of Taiwan fell by double digits, and the amount of exports exceeded imports by only US$2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The Taiwan authorities in charge of finance believe that the global terminal demand is reduced, and the industrial adjustment and inventory suppression of manufacturers reduce the willingness to purchase raw materials, and the export slump is unlikely to improve in the short term. The export decline of Taiwan in the first quarter of this year is likely to be higher than expected.
According to the Taiwan China Economic Research Institute, the Taiwan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) was 40.4% after seasonal adjustment in January this year, a 3.3% drop from December last year, and a contraction for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring index system, the PMI is 50% as the demarcation line of prosperity and decline, and the index greater than 50% represents prosperity expansion, and vice versa for contraction.
In January, Taiwan's PMI was composed of five indicators, including new orders, production and labor tightening, supplier delivery time reduction and inventory tightening.
All six industries returned a PMI contraction, and the industries were ranked in order of contraction speed as power and mechanical equipment industry (35.1%), electronic and optical industry (35.2%), chemical and biotechnology and medical industry (39.2%), basic raw material industry (42.4%), transportation industry (42.6%) and food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the MAC (Taiwan’s Ministry of Finance) announced that the CPI of Taiwan in January this year was 3.04%, which exceeded 3% since July last year.
Among them, the price of vegetables soared by 28.25%, setting a new high in 17 months.
Cai Zhihong, a special commissioner of the Taiwan “Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics”, said that the increase in vegetable prices was indeed beyond expectation, excluding the factor of the Spring Festival, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year, and the inflation pressure still exists and is still at a high point.
Looking ahead to Taiwan's economy this year, experts are pessimistic, according to reports by the United Daily News and Yahoo Finance, among other local media.
According to analysis by Wu Daijiang, a professor at the Economics Department of “Central University” in Taiwan, the decline in exports may cause export manufacturers to have problems with cash flow, and the risk of debt default will increase.
At the same time, the reduction of orders leads to the reduction of labor costs by manufacturers, which affects the labor market and family economy, and in turn, impacts consumption capacity.
According to Qiu Dasheng, a research fellow at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, the inflation situation in Europe and the United States has not been resolved, and demand continues to shrink. It is estimated that the decline in Taiwan's exports will continue in the first half of the year.
As Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, the economic growth performance of the whole year will be worse than that of last year due to the impact of low exports.
"An important engine of global recovery" - chinanews.com
“In the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, China’s economy has shown great resilience.
Recent market expectations indicate that the international community generally looks forward to China’s future development.
"José Luis, a well-known Chinese affairs expert in Spain and honorary consultant of China Policy Watch, said in an interview with our reporter that China's epidemic prevention and control has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further unleashed.
Liu said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China has responded calmly with its outstanding economic governance experience and measures, which fully reflects its economic resilience and management level.
While China is firmly committed to expanding its opening up, the internal driving force of economic development is continuously strengthened, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises develop in tandem.
Every year, the National People's Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference are held in China, where delegates discuss the country's development plans and hot topics in people's livelihoods, and reach a broad consensus, unite people's hearts and minds, and pool wisdom, thus adding strength to China's development.
“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered the stage of high-quality development.
The international community is looking forward to China's wisdom and China's solutions, and is looking forward to China's development to bring new opportunities to the world.
"At present, China is making every effort to promote scientific and technological innovation and inject new impetus into economic and social development," said Reos. "The investment of funds, the cultivation of talents, and the policy incentives have made China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan."
In the eyes of Liu, economic system reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has made use of the advantages of the market economy and the superiority of the socialist system, and has taken proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
The strategic basis for expanding domestic demand, strengthening financial support for the real economy, supporting the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises and the manufacturing industry, adhering to innovative development, promoting employment, improving the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meeting the diverse consumption needs of the people, China will comprehensively, accurately and fully implement the new development concept, focus on promoting high-quality development, build a new development pattern, and bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the proposal of the Belt and Road Initiative.
“The stabilization and recovery of the economy after the epidemic is the common goal of the international community.
China's economic development potential will continue to be unleashed, bringing more benefits to the world, and becoming an important engine for global recovery.
Liu said that he hoped that the cooperation of the Belt and Road Initiative would continue to play its important role in improving the infrastructure level of various countries and strengthening the interconnection and mutual communication in various fields, and continue to release more energy.
(Beijing Reporting, Madrid)
(People's Daily reporter Yu Huan)
Report: The number of overseas students returning home to seek employment in 2022 will reach a new high - www.chinanews.com
The top 10 countries of study for graduates returning to China to seek employment in 2022 Source: “2022 China’s Returned Students Employment Survey Report”
Message from www.chinanews.com, Beijing, February 11 (Meng Ru): The “2022 China Returned Students Employment Survey Report” (hereinafter referred to as “the Report”) released recently shows that the scale of 2022 graduates increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of returned students seeking employment reached a new high, and the demand for overseas talents by Chinese enterprises also showed an upward trend.
The report points out that since 2020, the number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China has increased significantly, and the number of graduates returning to China to seek employment has increased.
Compared with 2021, the size of the 2022 graduate students increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of returning students seeking employment reached a new high.
In terms of the distribution of returning students seeking employment by the countries where they studied, the UK accounted for the highest proportion, at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), which were ranked in the same order as in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth, the number of new graduates from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore increased significantly, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of graduates from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia decreased year-on-year.
Trends in the supply and demand of returnees in the first week after the Chinese New Year in 2023. Source: 2022 Chinese Returnees Employment Survey Report
The survey shows that 58% of the students who decided to return home believed that “life is more convenient in China”, 40% decided to return home because “they are more in line with the cultural environment in China”, 32% believed that “there are more employment opportunities in China”, and 22% believed that the economic activities in China will accelerate and more employment opportunities will be available.
Data shows that domestic enterprises are rapidly releasing their demand for overseas talents, and the demand for returnees is on the rise.
In the first week after the Chinese New Year in 2023, the number of priority positions for returnees and the number of returnees seeking jobs at home both showed an upward trend. On February 3, the number of priority positions for returnees increased by 11% compared with January 28, and the number of returnees seeking jobs increased by 27%.
In terms of industries, in 2022, the proportion of positions in the education/training industry accounted for 27.8% of the preferred positions of overseas returnees, ranking first; professional services/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
The number of overseas returnees who have applied for jobs in China in recent years. Source: 2022 China’s Returned Overseas Talents Employment Survey Report
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary of priority positions for returnees has been rising for three consecutive years, reaching RMB 14,680 per month in 2022 (RMB same below), an increase of RMB 961 from RMB 13,719 per month in 2021, an increase of 7%.
In terms of regions, the willingness of the returning overseas students to develop in new first-tier cities, second-tier cities and third-tier and below cities increased in 2022, with the proportion of applications in 2022 being 31%, 15.7% and 14.3%, respectively, which are all higher than the proportion of applications in 2021.
52.7% of the returnees said that their overseas study experience was basically as expected, which is 2.8 percentage points higher than the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said that they were higher or much higher than expected, which is higher than 25.4% in 2021.
(Complete)
Half or even more cost savings?
Hunan Province standardizes and integrates medical service prices for oral implantation - www.chinanews.com
CCTV.com News: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many toothless patients, but the price of several thousand yuan per tooth has always made many patients hesitate.
Since this year, with the accelerated implementation of the procurement of dental implants, the price reduction of dental implants has also been put on the agenda in various places.
Starting from February 10, the price control target for a single conventional implant dental service in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the cost of a single conventional implant service shall not exceed 97% of the control target.
Tooth implantation refers to a method of tooth restoration for missing teeth based on the support and fixation of the upper tooth restoration in the lower structure implanted in the bone tissue.
The reporter learned from Zhengzhou University Affiliated Hospital that, for example, the price of a single conventional implantation is about RMB16,700, from implantation to the final repair.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that for my condition, it would cost about 8,000 yuan or less than 10,000 yuan, which would be about half the cost.
Based on the existing projects, Henan Province has integrated 15 medical service price items of oral implantation, such as “implantation fee (per tooth)”, and formulated a unified price for public medical institutions under the province and medical insurance payment categories, and canceled or adjusted 20 medical service price items, such as dental implantation.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Pharmaceutical Price and Tendering Procurement Department of Zhengzhou Bureau of Medical Insurance: The main beneficiaries are the four parties: the medical insurance, which will have lower expenses; the hospitals will have less pressure, and patients will have more treatments; the suppliers will get a market; and the patients will benefit the most, as the cost of implanting a tooth may be reduced by half or even more.
Shenzhen: Building the first and leading super-advanced city in China and the world - www.chinanews.com
ECNS, Feb. 11 -- According to the WeChat public account of Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology Bureau, the Shenzhen Bureau of Industry and Information Technology issued the Shenzhen City Action Plan for the Construction of the Fastest City on February 10.
It is proposed that by the end of 2023, a super broadband network with high speed, large capacity, and low latency will be built, and the goal of building a "double-gigabit, all-optical, 1-millisecond, and all-connected" network will be achieved, creating a world-leading ultra-advanced city.
The plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of the 1000G optical network.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of full-light industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The plan requires that the energy efficiency of 5G networks be comprehensively improved.
Research and development of Shenzhen 5G network service quality standards, and conduct 5G network test assessment to improve the quality of 5G network services.
Support telecom enterprises to strengthen the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places, and add 10,000 5G base stations in the whole year. The average download speed in the whole city will reach 500Mbps, and the upload speed will reach 100Mbps. The download speed in key areas will reach 1000Mbps, and the upload speed will reach 200Mbps. The network speed and user experience will be greatly improved.
Build high-quality wireless local area networks at the city level.
Establish a public WLAN service standard and promote the upgrade of WLAN in areas with high concentration of people and information consumption needs, providing 1,000 Mbps access capability.
Based on the “Shen i Network”, the city will build a unified authentication and management platform for public wireless local area networks, and implement “one-time authentication, seamless roaming, and intelligent switching”. The platform will support operating entities to include social APs (wireless access points) that have public service capabilities into the authentication and management platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of APs to be upgraded shall not be less than 20,000.
In addition, the plan also proposes to build a high-quality full-fiber network, construct a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and improve Internet application service capabilities.
The Plan clearly states that a collaborative effort will be made to build a unified perception system for the Internet of Things.
Explore the construction and management model of urban sensing terminal based on the “open source HuangMeng” operating system, reduce the cost of connection, accelerate the construction of urban-level IoT sensing platform, and promote the interconnection and intercommunication of urban IoT platform, professional IoT platform in various fields and network and data of all fields.
Deepen the application of the Internet of Things and perception in urban management, public welfare services, public security, transportation and other fields, and expand the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles,
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity, gas, and Internet of Things sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and more than 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The plan also mentioned that satellite and ground communication integration applications should be strengthened, low-altitude network infrastructure should be deployed, and deep coverage of 5G networks should be promoted.
At the same time, it will promote the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, build an industrial innovation development ecology, and support the holding of top-level competitions and events.
(CNC)
How can e-commerce in China, which has emerged with “new variables”, achieve “content is king”?
-China News Service
Xinhua News Agency, February 11, 2019 -- The emergence of "new variables" in China's e-commerce industry, how to make "content the king" when selling?
CNCE Journalist Xia Bin
“We entered the e-commerce market late, but from the very beginning, we realized that content is important if you want to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fangfang, a “post-90s” girl from Guangdong, is now operating a tonics and herbal medicine store on the TikTok e-commerce platform, making a “flourishing” online presence for a brick-and-mortar store with more than 30 years of history.
By imitating the old Hong Kong film style and adding classic Cantonese songs, opening the TikTok account of Fang Fang, a one-person food blogger, the exquisite videos are refreshing.
Recently, at the Douyin e-commerce “Find Peers·Quality Content Sharing Special Session”, Fangfang attended as a representative of quality creators to share her experience and feelings about her daily creative work.
She said on the spot, “The carefully edited video has attracted a lot of netizens’ attention, and many people are interested in the ingredients in my family’s dishes and want to cook them together with me. Sales have opened up all of a sudden. “
”
Fangfang used the soup video to let more people fall in love with the taste of “Laoguang”; in one live broadcast, she sold up to 300,000 pieces of nourishing ingredients, saving the family store that was on the verge of bankruptcy.
“No content, no e-commerce”, as short video and live broadcast e-commerce continue to develop, people’s requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of live-streaming sales, live-streaming rooms often used low price discounts to attract users, and price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal Vs such as Liu Yihong and Dongfang Zhenzhu, as well as many non-celebrities who are experts and merchants in vertical sub-fields. They have improved their long-term operating benefits by continuously creating high-quality content that matches their brand style.
According to Gao Yaixian, the operation manager of the KOLs of the TikTok e-commerce, 6.27 million creators have turned their contents into cash through the TikTok e-commerce in the past year, and their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and the total transaction amount has more than doubled.
"Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving author ecology with a vigorous vitality.
"Gao Yaxian said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the E-commerce Industry Content Ecosystem Health Index (ECHI) Report, which analyzed the importance of high-quality content, a "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry, from the data perspective, and evaluated the content ecosystem of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China using the index.
According to the ranking of the health index of the content ecology in the e-commerce industry based on the above report, TikTok e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD ranked the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology in the e-commerce industry is an integrated concept, which integrates e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional content production) and UGC (user-generated content) are the quality carriers for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce insertion, the stronger the commercial value, and the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and consumption in the public and private fields will be gradually integrated.
On the scene, Professor Yi Guoming, a professor of the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and the chairman of the Council of the Specialty Committee of Media Economics and Management of China, made an analysis and interpretation of the Report.
He said that in terms of content value, the e-commerce industry has transitioned from "consumer accessibility" to "consumer quality" and high-quality, professional and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the fundamental and handle for the new stage of e-commerce development; knowledge payment, professional knowledge, KOL (Key Opinion Leaders) and other PGC content have become standard in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guoming put forward two suggestions.
From the perspective of improving the content structure, it will promote the health and quality of the content ecology of e-commerce, establish positive content creation and management standards, and realize the healthy system index and dynamic balance of the e-commerce industry content ecology.
Another is to achieve healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.
In the future, the e-commerce industry still needs more support in terms of data and artificial intelligence to form a prediction of the stability of future development; in addition, it needs to provide more standardized and healthy growth space for merchants, realize the value of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and jointly create a healthy content ecology.
(Finished)
The north exchange securities borrowing and lending transaction business will be launched next week - www.chinanews.com
Report from the Beijing Evening News (reporter: Sun Jie): Last night, Beijing Stock Exchange issued a notice that the securities lending and borrowing business of Beijing Stock Exchange will be officially launched on February 13, and at that time, securities companies that have obtained the securities lending and borrowing qualification of Beijing Stock Exchange can accept the entrustment of investors and submit the securities lending and borrowing transaction declaration to Beijing Stock Exchange.
The list of the first 56 securities subject to securities lending and financing was determined based on the calculation benchmark date of January 31, 2023.
The exchange said that the list of stocks subject to securities lending and the list of securities that can be used to cover the margin will be published on the website of the exchange through the “Information Disclosure-Securities Lending Information” column, making it convenient for investors to inquire.
Margin trading is an important basic system of the securities market, and is a relatively mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 of last year, when it announced the establishment of the platform one year ago, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on the securities lending and borrowing business.
The launch of the North Exchange’s securities lending and borrowing transactions is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system of the North Exchange, improve the trading mechanism and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The securities lending and borrowing system is conducive to enriching investors’ trading strategies, meeting the diversified trading needs of investors, promoting the discovery of market prices, and further improving market liquidity.
In the future, the Beijing Stock Exchange will continue to do its best to provide guarantees for the securities lending and borrowing business under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, to enrich the transaction system tools guided by the needs of investors, to perfect the relevant supporting mechanisms, and to strive to build a first-class stock exchange that serves innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Forum was held in Beijing, and He Libin attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 11 (Xinhua News Agency) - The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Integrated Forum was held in Beijing on February 11.
He Lifeng, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He LiFeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus of the meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Bangkok, and to strengthen green development cooperation between China and Japan.
China will comprehensively implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, accelerate the green transformation of development, deepen the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and prudently promote the peak carbon and carbon neutrality, promote decarbonization, pollution reduction, greening, and growth, and promote ecological priority, resource conservation, and low-carbon, green development.
China is willing to work with Japan to deepen green and low-carbon industry cooperation, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and people-to-people exchanges, and to promote green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry, Hiroshige Seko, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce of China and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry. It included a main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, automobile electrification, intelligence, hydrogen energy and long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from the governments and enterprises of China and Japan exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operation in Turkey, rescuing 4 people trapped in the rubble - chinanews.com
ECNS, February 11 - According to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, on February 10, three action teams and 45 rescuers from the Chinese rescue team were sent to Turkey to rescue a trapped person.
Two search and assessment teams were also dispatched to assess and investigate the 15 buildings on Vodabashi Street.
So far, 4 people have been rescued, 5 people have been found dead, and 25 buildings that have collapsed have been assessed for signs of life and risk.
The rescue team will adjust the rescue force according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue scene, and continue to carry out rescue work in depth.
The rescue team obtained rescue assistance information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and UN rescue organizations, and verified them one by one through online consultation and on-site search.
Introduce the current rescue environment and the collapse of buildings to the rescue team in Hong Kong, China, and jointly carry out search operations.
At present, it is responsible for the regional coordination (SSC5) jointly with the Italian rescue team, and 3 members are dispatched to work in the 5th regional rescue coordination center, communicating with Italian, British, Serbian, Slovakian, Omani and other teams to learn about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and rescue teams of various countries.
The rescue team continued to strengthen safety management and team protection, and strengthened safety control at the rescue site in accordance with the principle of “unified command, safety first”, and strengthened the requirements for rescue work discipline and clearly stated safety precautions.
The shift-on-duty and guard duty system was implemented to strengthen security management in the camp.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide medical examination services for the team members every day to strengthen the medical protection of key personnel. At present, all members of the rescue team are in good health, and they carry out disinfection in the camp.
After the self-supporting camp was established, the logistics support team set up 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical and sanitation, living quarters, and dog kennels, to ensure more than 30 sets of equipment for the rescue at the scene.
Xinhua News Agency Commentator: Promoting the modernization of China is a systematic project - four points to deeply understand the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the Seminar on Learning and Implementing the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 11, 2020, headline: Promoting the modernization of China is a systematic project – four opinions on deeply understanding the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the Seminar on Learning and Implementing the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Xinhua News Commentator
“Advancing the modernization of China is a systematic project that requires overall planning, systematic design, and overall promotion. It is necessary to handle the relationship between top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, adherence to the correct path and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and self-strengthening, and opening up to the outside world, etc. in a balanced way.
“At the opening ceremony of the Seminar on Learning and Implementing the Thought of Xi Jinping on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress for newly-elected members of the Central Committee, alternate members of the Central Committee and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the laws of modernization construction, and profoundly and systematically explained a series of major relationships that need to be handled in practice, providing us with a scientific methodology for vigorously promoting the modernization of Chinese style.
The promotion of Chinese modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, ecological civilization, and so on, and relates to the governance of the Party, the country, the military, domestic affairs, foreign affairs, diplomacy, and national defense, and it is necessary to make systematic plans and be brave in innovation and reform, and continuously achieve overall promotion.
Top-level design requires profound insight into the trend of world development, accurate grasp of the common aspirations of the people, in-depth exploration of the laws of economic and social development, and the formulation of a planning and policy system that reflects the times, grasps the laws, and is full of creativity, and that is integrated and coordinated in terms of scope, direction, and content.
The promotion of modernization in the Chinese way is an exploratory undertaking, and there are many unknown areas that need to be explored boldly in practice, and the development of the undertaking should be driven by reform and innovation, and we must not be too dogmatic or too conservative.
Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.
To promote the modernization of China, we must enhance the forward-looking nature of the strategy, scientifically anticipate the future and lead the future; we must enhance the overall nature of the strategy, focus on solving major problems that are crucial to the prosperity and development of the Party and the country, and that affect everything; and we must enhance the stability of the strategy, and once the strategy is formed, we must stick to it for a long time, and make steady progress.
We must grasp the dialectical unity of strategy and tactics, combine the principled nature of strategy with the flexibility of tactics, be flexible, adaptable, and make quick decisions, and seize the strategic initiative in adapting to local conditions, responding to changes, and taking advantage of opportunities.
The Chinese nation is a nation that upholds both tradition and innovation.
It is necessary to handle the relationship between upholding the correct direction and innovation, to firmly uphold the Chinese characteristics, essence and fundamental principles of Chinese modernization without any change, to ensure the correct direction of Chinese modernization, and to place innovation in a prominent position in the overall situation of national development, to adapt to the requirements of the times, to focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, to be proactive in seeking changes and making changes, and to vigorously promote reform and innovation, so as to continuously create new impetus and new advantages for development, and to fully unleash the creativity of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important basis for fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee for efficiency.
In advancing the modernization of China, we must create higher efficiency than that of capitalism, and also effectively safeguard social fairness, and better achieve the balance between efficiency and fairness, and promote and unify them.
It is necessary to balance efficiency and fairness, and continuously realize development for the people, development relying on the people, and development results shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization can benefit the people more fairly and more widely.
To promote modernization in the Chinese way, we need to handle the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both full of vitality and orderly.
We must coordinate the development and security of the country, implement the overall national security concept, establish a national security system, enhance the ability to safeguard national security, and firmly safeguard the security of the state power, system, ideology, and key areas.
It is necessary to give more consideration to security factors in development, enhance national security through development, use the development achievements to consolidate the foundation of national security, and create a safe environment for economic and social development, so as to continuously stimulate the vitality of development and achieve the mutually beneficial interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
In promoting modernization in the Chinese way, we must both stick to our own path and broaden our vision of the world, adhere to opening-up, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of modernization in the Chinese way.
We must adhere to self-reliance and self-strengthening, put the development of the country and the nation at the starting point of our own strength, and firmly grasp the destiny of the development and progress of our country.
We must continuously expand high-level opening-up to the outside world, participate deeply in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of China's modernization, and share development opportunities and create a better future through mutually beneficial cooperation.
By following the path, we can achieve great things.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, and under the scientific guidance of the new concept of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era proposed by Comrade Xi Jinping, grasp the laws, be diligent and persistent, fully display our enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, correctly handle a series of major issues, and strive to make progress in the new journey of building a socialist modern country in an all-round way, and continuously open up new horizons in the modernization of China with Chinese characteristics.
(Deutsche Welle) Biden’s government will blacklist six Chinese entities suspected of participating in the spy balloon plan on Friday (February 10).
The U.S. Department of Commerce said that the five Chinese companies and one research institution helped the Chinese military modernize, especially in aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
Companies on the blacklist have a hard time getting U.S. technology exports.
The list is known as the "entity list," and companies on it cannot buy technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they obtain special export licenses from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The companies listed on the blacklist are: Beijing Nange Aerospace Science and Technology Co., Ltd., 48th Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group Corporation, Longgang Lianjing Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xiaohang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd., and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Earlier, the White House said it was considering broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger-scale surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident caused further tension between China and the United States, and US Secretary of State Blinken canceled his visit to China.
On February 4, the United States shot down the balloon, and the Chinese government made a solemn representation to the US embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously undermining and damaging the efforts and process of stabilizing Sino-US relations.
Based on the evidence of the existing debris and information from the procurement platform of the Chinese military, the US government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon "has a direct relationship with the Chinese People's Liberation Army" and is an approved supplier of the Chinese military.
Mao Ning, a spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry, said at a press conference on Friday that China had explained the situation and clarified its position on the accidental entry of a Chinese civil unmanned aerial vehicle into the airspace of the United States due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolution of the US Congress was purely political manipulation and sensationalism.
China is strongly dissatisfied with and resolutely opposes this.
"Today's action demonstrates the shared commitment to identify and disrupt China's use of espionage balloons that have violated the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries," said Matthew Axelrod, the assistant secretary for export enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce.
”
A staff member of Guangzhou Tianhai Xiaohong Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said he was not aware of the sanctions and refused to comment further, according to a report by Reuters.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States and have not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
Copyright © 2023 Deutschlandfunk. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle) Several days have passed since the earthquake in Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is fading. However, the rescue of a family of five on Saturday made the rescuers feel very happy.
According to the Associated Press, in the disaster-stricken town of Nurday in Gaziantep Province, this family of five was trapped under the rubble for more than five days before being successfully rescued.
Rescuers first pulled out the mother and daughter from the rubble, and then found the father, but he insisted on rescuing his son and another daughter first.
When they were all rescued, the crowd cheered.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaras, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued in the harsh cold weather.
"What day is it today?"
" - the boy trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the rescuers who brought him back to the ground.
A man from Kahramanmaras holds the cat he just rescued
The miraculous success of the rescue brought a glimmer of hope to the search and rescue work that had been hopeless, but at the same time, the number of fatalities continued to rise.
According to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has caused more than 20,000 deaths in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be more than 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive up to a week after being trapped in the rubble, the hope of finding more survivors is becoming increasingly bleak.
Rescue workers are still using thermal imaging devices to search for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of the rescue efforts began to shift towards helping the survivors who were in desperate need of assistance.
UN officials: Disaster in the region "unprecedented in a century"
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference held in Turkey that the earthquake was the "worst disaster in the region in a century".
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "extraordinary".
He also told a Reuters reporter that he hoped to provide rescue to the areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but also said that the matter was "not clear".
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief aid to people affected by the earthquake in Syria.
The United Nations earlier this week announced a $25 million allocation for relief efforts in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Great Chilean earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 p.m. on May 22, 1960, local time, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a seismic moment magnitude of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, Valdivia was reduced to rubble.
A huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the coast of Chile, causing a huge tsunami with a wave height of 25 meters.
The tsunami affected distant Japan and the Philippines.
The number of deaths and economic losses caused by disasters of such a scale cannot be accurately known.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Great Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, and it was Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake was still the third largest earthquake in the world.
The fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate ruptured at Williwaw Bay near the entrance to College Fjord during the earthquake.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted from three to five minutes.
The seafloor displacement triggered a huge tsunami, with a height of 67 meters.
The school and many businesses were closed because it was a holiday.
The earthquake ultimately killed 139 people.
Of these, nine died directly from the earthquake, while the other 130 died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Tangshan earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes with a magnitude of 7 or above occurred in Tangshan and Fengnan, Hebei Province, China within 16 hours.
The epicenter is 23 kilometers below the surface.
Tangshan City's transportation, communication, water supply and electricity were all interrupted, and the city was reduced to a wasteland in an instant.
People in Beijing, the capital city 140 kilometers away, also felt the strong tremors.
According to official statistics, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries in all the affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake is the second most deadly earthquake in China with records to date, second only to the Jiajing earthquake in 1556.
However, some overseas scientists estimated that the earthquake may have caused at least 650,000 deaths.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers west of the coast of Aceh Province, Sumatra, Indonesia, with a focal depth of 30 kilometers and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami, with waves as high as 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, and the areas most seriously affected included Aceh Province in Indonesia, Krabi and Phuket tourist areas in Thailand, Sri Lanka and Tamil Nadu in India.
At that time, the Christmas holiday season was in full swing, and the disaster area was crowded with a large number of tourists and local residents, which led to the fact that many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and local people working on the seashore were swept away by the tsunami, which made many people missing after the earthquake.
It is estimated that at least 300,000 people died or went missing.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake struck Wenchuan in Sichuan Province, China.
According to the China Earthquake Administration, the surface wave intensity of the earthquake reached 8.2 on the Richter scale and the moment magnitude reached 8.3. The affected area was more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had caused 69,227 deaths, 17,923 missing persons, 374,643 people with different degrees of injuries, 1,993,030 people who lost their homes, and a total of 46,256,000 people affected.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the deadliest earthquake after Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12 of every year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day, with the aim of strengthening education for the public and attention to disaster prevention and mitigation.
Afterwards, governments and primary and secondary schools in many parts of China held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Middle and primary schools have also started to pay attention to popularizing “earthquake prevention and mitigation” education.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, Haiti, a Caribbean island country, was hit by an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.0 on the Richter scale.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince, and the hypocenter was about 13 kilometers below the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that the earthquake affected about 3 million people.
The Haitian government has confirmed more than 200,000 deaths.
In some areas of Haiti, up to 90% of homes were destroyed in the earthquake.
Despite the massive aid and support provided by the international community, this impoverished country, plagued by overpopulation and rampant corruption, has never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally in the past 60 years
Great East Japan Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large tsunami earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the northeastern coast of Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean to the east of Sendai, the capital city of Miyagi Prefecture, and the seismic source depth was measured at 24 kilometers. It also triggered a huge tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first earthquake with a magnitude of over 9 in Japan since the earthquake records began.
About 22,000 people died in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered a leakage accident due to the influence of earthquake and tsunami.
The incident was classified as the most serious level 7 on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to the detection of minute amounts of radioactive substances around the world, including iodine-131 and caesium-137 (half-life of 30 years).
A large amount of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in the disaster areas of Syria and Turkey are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes due to earthquakes.
The World Food Programme (WFP) appealed for $77 million to provide food for people displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the disaster area is as low as minus 10 degrees, and many disaster victims have no homes.
The Turkish government has distributed large amounts of hot meals, tents and blankets, but the supplies have been slow to reach many who are in desperate need of help.
In Syria, which has been mired in a civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has made the people's plight even worse.
In the four days after the earthquake, the World Food Programme has provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
Copyright © 2023 Deutschlandfunk. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Notice: Police Department Calls on Citizens to Beware of Fake Telecommunications Company Scam Texts
Recently, the police received several cases of telecommunication fraud. The fraudsters pretended to be Hong Kong Telecom and sent fraudulent messages to the victim with a website link. They lured the victim to log in to a fake website to exchange the reward, which was said to be expired and needed to be collected as soon as possible.
The victim followed the instructions to enter the credit card information and verification code, and then received a notification from the financial institution that there were unidentified records of credit card consumption, and suspected that the credit card information was stolen by the website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the telecommunications company in question did not send the above short message.
The police urged the public to be vigilant when receiving similar text messages and not to click on the links in the text messages or provide any personal information. They also advised the public to be extra cautious when asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords or transaction verification codes, in order to prevent credit card fraud.
Anti-fraud reminder:
1. Pay more attention to network security information and improve personal prevention awareness;
2. Do not log in to unknown websites and register personal and credit card information on the website, so as to avoid being used by others;
3. Beware of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website address is completely consistent with the official website;
4. Install anti-virus software on your mobile phone, mobile device or computer and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect you have been scammed or involved in other criminal activities, you should immediately call the Police Fraud Investigation Hotline at 8800 7777 or the Police Crime Reporting Hotline at 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large inspection team from Hong Kong visits Macau tourist attractions and facilities to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand the “joint tour” between Hong Kong and Macau
The Tourism Board organized a large Hong Kong inspection team of more than 100 people composed of representatives from the Hong Kong government tourism department, the tourism industry and the media to Macau. In addition to work meetings and industry talks, representatives from the Hong Kong travel agency industry and the media also visited several Macau tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in batches over two days (10th and 11th) to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market and promote cultural and tourism integration between the two places, thereby expanding the “cross-boundary tourism” market of Hong Kong and Macau.
Visit and experience the new game of Macau tourism
The Hong Kong delegation of 100 people included leaders and managers from the relevant departments of the Hong Kong Government, representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators in Hong Kong and Macao, as well as about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, representatives from travel social media, online media and bloggers/influencers, etc. They came to Macao to exchange and explore the latest tourism resources of Macao, and to bring the new play of Macao tourism to Hong Kong residents and tourists in Hong Kong, so as to expand the “joint tourism” market between Hong Kong and Macao by taking advantage of the transport hub in Hong Kong.
Two days of intensive activities to seek business opportunities and increase publicity
The inspection team visited the World Heritage Site of “Historic Centre of Macau”, experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, “Time Travel Macau”, the immersive digital experience exhibition of the Largo do Senado, Ao Manel, the old town of Taipa, as well as several large resort hotels and facilities, including the Grand Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, the Venetian, Wynn Palace, Morpheus, The Londoner, Galaxy Macau, Artelli multi-dimensional art space of New Galaxy and teamLab supernatural space of Venetian Macau.
The members of the inspection team visited Macao tourism facilities and experienced the "tourism +" elements of Macao, and shared Macao tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrated the promotion and sale of the latest Macao tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attract Hong Kong tourists to expand “joint tourism” between Hong Kong and Macau
Taking the opportunity of the resumption of cross-boundary traffic, the Tourism Board has launched a publicity campaign and various promotions in the Hong Kong market. These include the launch of a promotion for round-trip transportation tickets between Hong Kong and Macau, and the launch of a new promotional video on online and offline platforms.
After inviting leaders of the Hong Kong tourism industry to Macao for an exchange and tour in the previous month and letting Hong Kong influencers experience Macao’s “tourism +”, this time, representatives of the Hong Kong tourism industry and media were invited to Macao to conduct an inspection, so as to increase the marketing promotion, attract Hong Kong tourists to stay and consume in Macao, and the two sides also discussed cooperation to expand the “joint tourism” market of Hong Kong and Macao, and jointly develop the market in the Mainland and overseas, so as to promote the recovery of the tourism industry of the two places.
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team in Africa, to use their kindness and medical skills to benefit the local people, and to tell the Chinese story with practical actions - News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng.cn
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team in Africa, to use their kindness and medical skills to benefit the local people, and to tell the Chinese story with practical actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] (Editor: Li Xifeng)
Message from Xi Jinping to the 19th Chinese Medical Team to Central African Republic was sent on February 9, Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10 - Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the People’s Republic of China and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, sent a message to the 19th Chinese Medical Team to Central African Republic on February 9, and extended his greetings to them and all the overseas medical teams.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you are both angels of mercy and ambassadors of friendship who have overcome difficulties in work and life in China-Africa and have devoted yourselves to serving the local people.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of Chinese medical teams abroad. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to those who are currently and have previously carried out medical assistance abroad.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and the foreign medical aid is a vivid demonstration of this.
I hope that you will not forget your original intention and remember your mission, and that you will vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese Medical Team, which is not afraid of hardship, is willing to make sacrifices, saves lives and heals injuries, and is boundless in love, so as to bring benefits to the local people with love and medical skills, tell China’s story with practical actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community with a shared future for mankind in the field of health.
Medical assistance is an important part of China's foreign aid.
In 1963, China sent the first medical team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, China has sent 30,000 medical teams to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Oceania, providing medical services to 290 million people, and has won widespread praise from the international community.
Currently, the medical team is working in 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, and nearly half of them are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of the Chinese medical team to Central African Republic wrote a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on their learning and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, providing medical services to local residents, and expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a community with a shared future for human health.
The Seminar on Study and Implementation of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the 20th CPC National Congress was concluded for new members, alternate members and provincial and ministerial leading cadres of the Central Committee - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng.cn
The Seminar for New Members, Alternate Members and Provincial and Departmental Leading Officials of the Central Committee on Studying and Implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the 20th CPC National Congress concluded
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] (Editor: Li Xifeng)
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 10 (electronic) – The seminar for the newly-appointed members, alternate members and leading cadres of provincial departments and ministries to study and implement the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress was concluded in the Central Party School (National Administrative College) on the afternoon of the 10th. Cai Qi, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and member of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee, attended the graduation ceremony and made a summary speech.
He said that we should learn and implement in depth the important spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping’s speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, be more firmly committed to the “two-establishments” and the “two-observes”, enhance our capabilities and work hard, and solidly promote all the work of Chinese-style modernization, so as to create a performance that can stand the test of history, practice and people in the process of building a socialist modernized country in an all-round way and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation in an all-round way.
During the seminar, all the participants were guided by the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics, and carefully studied the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar. They conducted in-depth research and exchanges on the major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, deepened their understanding of these issues, strengthened their confidence and determination in comprehensively promoting Chinese-style modernization under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, and enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission in fulfilling their duties and making contributions to ensure a good start for the new era and the new journey.
At the graduation ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar delivered speeches and shared their learning achievements.
Cai Qi said that learning and implementing the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the 20th CPC National Congress spirit is both the top political task of the present and the future, and a long-term strategic task. We should follow the requirements of "comprehensive learning, comprehensive understanding, and comprehensive implementation" to promote the learning and implementation work to go deep, go real, and go to the heart.
We must have a deeper understanding of the decisive significance of the “two establishments”, resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the authority and centralized leadership of the Party Central Committee, continuously improve our political judgment, political understanding and political execution, and always maintain high consistency with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core in terms of ideology, politics and actions.
We must strive to master the basic skills of Marxist theory, consciously use the Party's innovative theories to arm our minds, guide our practice and promote our work, and work hard in deep study, profound understanding and sincere practice, so as to truly learn firm belief, absolute loyalty and mission responsibility.
We should carry out the decisions and arrangements of the 20th CPC National Congress in a spirit of hard work and strive to promote the modernization of China, roll up our sleeves, work hard, play the role of “team leader” and make the blueprint a reality step by step.
We must remember that the comprehensive strict Party discipline is a long-term task and the self-revolution of the Party is a long-term task, and we must bear the political responsibility of comprehensive strict Party discipline, and take the political construction of the Party as the leader, and promote the new great project of the Party building in the new era.
We must strengthen our ability to promote high-quality development, serve the people, and prevent and resolve risks, and vigorously promote the spirit of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucratism.
Xie Tieliang, Li Gangjie, Li Shuaile, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinku, Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the ceremony.
Google AI chat robot “answered the wrong question”; its parent company’s stock price evaporated by $100 billion.
(Combined report on the 11th)
Google's new artificial intelligence chat robot Bard has made a bad debut, "answering the wrong questions" in its promotional video, causing Alphabet, Google's parent company, to fall sharply by 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark and losing $110 billion in market value (about RM47.65 billion), closing at $94.57 on Friday.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as competitive as its rival Microsoft.
According to a report by Reuters, Google released an advertising short film of AI chat robot Bard on social media earlier. In the short film, someone asked Bard, “Can you tell me what are the new discoveries about James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) for my 9-year-old child?
Bard mentioned in his reply that the telescope had taken the first photo of an exoplanet.
However, according to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States, the first photo of an exoplanet was taken by the Very Large Telescope of the European Southern Observatory in 2004.
Reuters even reported under the title "Alphabet shares plunge after Bard's wrong answer".
On the other hand, Google pointed out that the response of Bard "emphasizes the importance of strict testing process", and will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that the response of Bard "meets high standards based on quality, safety and authentic information".
Singapore's tourism industry is recovering strongly, with inbound tourists increasing 19 times compared to 2021
(Combined report on November 11) Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore is expected to reach 12 million to 14 million in 2023, bringing tourism revenue of about 18 billion to 21 billion New Zealand dollars; the number of tourists and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019; and there is a high possibility of the tourism industry achieving full recovery in 2024.
Singapore's tourism market will gradually restart and recover in 2022.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, the number of inbound tourists increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million in 2022, exceeding the earlier estimate of 4 to 6 million by the Tourism Board, and tourists have already recovered to 33% of the pre-pandemic level.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled 8.96 billion New Zealand dollars. It is expected that the tourism revenue in 2022 will reach 13.8 billion to 14.3 billion New Zealand dollars, which is 6 to 7 times higher than 1.89 billion New Zealand dollars in 2021, and has recovered to about 50% to 52% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019.
The Singapore government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced a nearly NZ$500 million allocation to stimulate the tourism industry's recovery.
The Tourism Board recently announced that it will allocate NZ$110 million from the budget over the next two years to introduce more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists to return.
In order to make health and wellness one of the highlights of Singapore’s tourism, the Singapore Tourism Board issued a preliminary invitation for bids on November 23, 2022, for the development of a health and wellness destination on the southern coast of Singapore.
Wang Lingli, executive director of sports and health tourism of Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have put their physical health in the first place among all considerations.
Developing a health and wellness attraction in the waterfront district of Marina Bay Gardens and the Marina Bay Waterfront is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, encouraging visitors to spend more time and money in the city-state.
Chen Jianlong, Director of Singapore Tourism Board, said that health and wellness will become an important component of Singapore tourism products in the next few years.
The COVID-19 pandemic has raised public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the Tourism Board has been promoting health and wellness programmes to the local community and international visitors over the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health and Wellness Festival, providing the public with more than 130 kinds of health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide new travel experiences for tourists.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children’s Museum, the Avatar Grove in Sentosa Gateway, the new “Explore New Horizons” exhibition at the Art Science Museum, and the outdoor theatre at the Night Safari, the Tourism Board will support the development and upgrading of attractions such as the Flying Fox Adventure Park in the Wildlife Reserves Singapore to make Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will establish relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of conference, exhibition and incentive tourism by 2023, and focus on improving the problems of waste treatment and carbon emissions, and further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
According to the data, as of December 18, 2022, the passenger flow of Changi Airport has recovered strongly, with more than 150,000 passengers received every day, about 1 million passengers every week, which is about 75% of that before the COVID-19 pandemic, and the number of employees in the aviation industry has also recovered to about 90% of that before the pandemic.
According to the data, from January to October 2022, Singapore received 23.6 million tourists, accounting for 42% of the pre-epidemic period, and 170,000 flights took off and landed, accounting for 53% of the pre-epidemic period.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also driven the recovery of the accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping industries.
The Singapore government and tourism industry are optimistic about the Chinese market.
According to the assistant director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, Kok Suet-dan, a survey by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore's safety index ranked among the top three in the world, which is also one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular among Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, about 3.6 million Chinese people traveled to Singapore for vacation every year.
As China relaxes its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to between a third and two-thirds of the 2019 level this year.
According to Koo, the Tourism Board will closely monitor the signals released by China regarding its policies on outbound travel to meet the changing needs of tourists.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in outbound travel from China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the tourism industry will recover faster than expected, as long as there is no significant recession affecting public income and no new outbreak of a large-scale deadly epidemic.
Kim Jong-un and his daughter interacted closely, while his wife was ignored
(Combined with reports on the 11th) North Korea held a military parade to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army on the evening of the 8th. Kim Jong-un’s daughter, Kim Ju-ae, not only attended the ceremony, but also stood on the podium with her father.
The North Korean media released a video on the 9th, showing Kim Jong-un hugging his father, exchanging affectionate glances and whispers several times, and she gently holding her father’s face with both hands, even touching her father’s chest, and the interaction between the father and daughter was broadcasted to the whole country.
However, First Lady Liu Song had to stand aside.
According to the reports of “Chosun News” and other Korean media, Kim Jong-un and his wife Ri Sol-ju brought their daughter Kim Ju-ae to attend the banquet. In the official photo, not only did Kim Ju-ae sit in the middle of her parents in the C position, but she also stood on the podium with Kim Jong-un at the military parade on the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army the next day.
The Korean Central Television, the official media of North Korea, released the parade video later, exposing more scenes of deep father-daughter love.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times from the podium, and their smiles never faded. They even whispered to each other in their ears. Kim Jong-un even hugged his father’s cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un smiled back.
Other CCTV footage also shows that the master's love was touching Kim Jong-un's face with her hand while sitting on an indoor sofa; she was touching Kim Jong-un's chest with her hand while walking with her father.
First Lady Liu Xia was walking behind or sitting on the side, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
According to the Korean media, Kim Jong-un has been appearing more frequently in public events in the past three months since the first test launch of the Hwasong-17 missile on November 18 last year. This is the fifth time he has appeared in a formal event.
The official media of North Korea referred to Kim Jong-un as the beloved son, the distinguished son, etc., with the highest titles, and also broadcasted the scene of Kim Jong-un repeatedly shouting his determination to die for his pure bloodline while looking down at the parade from the stands.
These signs have raised doubts about whether the master is already predetermined as the heir of the Kim regime, and the Washington Post analyzed that "this is a signal from Kim Jong-un to put his daughter, who is in middle school, in the position of the successor"; however, there are also views that such a judgment is too early, and there are still various possibilities in the case of Kim Jong-un having a son.
Changyang Q&A | How to view the unexpectedly high US non-farm employment data in January and the future trend - Economic Observation Network - A professional financial news website
Q: How does Reignwood Investment view the January US non-farm employment data, which was much better than expected, and the future trend?
A: On February 3, the US Department of Labor released the January 2023 non-farm employment data. The number of new non-farm employment was 51.70,000, which was significantly higher than the market expectation of 18.90,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest in nearly 50 years; the hourly wage growth was 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, which slowed down slightly.
In terms of the total amount, there are many one-time and technical factors that affect the data, such as the return to work of teachers on strike, the revision of the survey statistical scope, and the update of the seasonal factor. In the future, there may be some adjustments (refer to the new non-farm payrolls added in January 2022, which were revised down from 50.40,000 to 36.40,000); non-farm employment may not be as strong as the data shows.
In terms of structure, the impact of layoffs on high-tech enterprises is still there, but the proportion is relatively low; the newly added employment in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and health care has rebounded significantly, and the data shows that the labor shortage in the service industry still exists.
In conjunction with the equally strong service PMI, the rebound of job vacancies and labor shortages, and strong consumer credit data, we believe that the US service industry has experienced rapid recovery after the extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the supply-demand tension in the US employment market cannot be improved without a recession.
At present, the US labor market still has a supply gap of more than 5 million, and the labor participation rate is slow to rise, especially the labor participation rate of 25-54 year olds has already approached the pre-epidemic high point.
In addition, the strong consumption demand from the excess savings and consumer credit of US residents will further delay the impact of contraction policies on the employment market.
The tight supply and demand of the US employment market will be the bottom line of the US economy in 2023.
In addition, with the end of interest rate hikes approaching, inflation expectations are constantly fluctuating, and we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Prior to this data release, the US stock, bond and foreign exchange markets had been overly optimistic about the Fed's path of interest rate hikes.
As inflation data continued to improve, the Fed maintained a balance between shortening the pace of interest rate hikes and sustaining the fragile inflation expectations of the market, but the market ignored the Fed’s hawkish statements and expected not only an earlier stop to interest rate hikes but also two rate cuts by the end of the year.
In the context of tight labor market supply and demand and the unclear impact of contraction policies, we believe that the Fed's guidance on interest rate hikes at the end of the year is relatively reasonable, and the adjustment of extreme market expectations and the congestion of transactions will cause some harm to the market.
Despite this, the stubbornness of wage growth is hard to change in the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. With the M2 data turning negative year-on-year and various leading indicators of CPI turning positive, the US CPI data has turned to a period of rapid decline since October, and the stubbornness of wage growth will only provide a cushion for future inflation data. It is hard to prove the current market expectations, and the market may enter a new round of competition after the next inflation data is released.
Shengsheng founder Zheng Yonggang passed away due to sudden heart disease. He led the first Chinese clothing stock to transform - Economic Observer - a professional financial news website
On February 11, the WeChat public account of Xinkejiaoyu, which is certified by Suning Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Suning Holdings”), issued an announcement that Zhang Yong, the founder of Suning Group and chairman of the board of directors of Suning Holdings, died on February 10, 2023 due to sudden heart disease and was unable to be rescued. He was 65 years old.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of a state-owned cotton spinning factory. After being transferred, Zheng Yonggang became the director of Ningbo Yunhau Garment General Factory, the predecessor of Xinwei Group, in 1989.
In December 2022, at the 20th China Enterprise Leaders Annual Meeting and the 22nd China Enterprise Future Stars Annual Meeting, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the market share of the Suning brand was as high as 37%.
Suning Holdings Group (600884.SH) was listed in 1996, becoming the first listed company in China's clothing industry.
At the time when the garment business was booming, Suning Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized that “once the market is opened up, Chinese brands will naturally form a tiered brand market, and Suning Suit will not be the only one to be popular and it is unlikely to be the national suit for a long time”.
In 1999, Suning began to study enterprise transformation. Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, “We came to Shanghai to seek what to transform into, and we specially invited many experts and scholars to hold some Zhuge Liang meetings and Taoyuan seminars.
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is big health with a future. "
After the strategic direction was determined, Shensheng started to look for cooperation. At that time, the carbon research institute of Anshan Thermal Power Institute was doing the National 863 Project, and the research funds were insufficient, so Shensheng and the carbon research institute of Anshan Thermal Power Institute signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the National 863 Project “Intermediate Carbon Microspheres”, engage in the research and development, production and sales of negative materials, and realize the commercial promotion of negative materials in China.
In 2001, Shenshan achieved the mass production of intermediary graphite spherical particles, and began to replace the Japanese products, becoming the main supplier of intermediary graphite spherical particles in China.
It is the first lithium-ion battery negative material production enterprise in China, and has realized the domestic production of lithium-ion battery negative materials.
As the application of lithium batteries became widespread, SUNPLAST’s lithium battery business began to develop gradually. In 2007, the lithium battery material business was written into the main business of SUNPLAST; the proportion of revenue from the clothing business decreased year by year, and in 2013, the revenue from SUNPLAST’s lithium battery material business completely surpassed that of the clothing business.
In February 2021, Shanshan successfully acquired the LG Chem polarizer business and entered the LCD polarizer market, and established Shengjing Optoelectronics, a polarizer enterprise. The technology content in this field is relatively high, and Shanshan’s main competitors are all Fortune Global 500 companies, such as Samsung in South Korea, Sumitomo Chemical in Japan, and JDI.
Zheng Yonggang shared his experience in post-investment management, “Chinese private enterprises acquire some high-tech enterprises internationally, but the success rate is low. Why do these acquisitions fail?
Everyone will consider, I spent so much money, I must send people to manage it, this is a common behavior, ” however, Zheng Yong Gang is different, on the day of the successful acquisition of Sunshine, Zheng Yong Gang announced in front of Sunshine Solar that Sunshine as a major shareholder of Sunshine Solar decided to implement a dual-system management, except that Zheng Yong Gang served as the chairman, people from Sunshine Enterprise would not be sent to Sunshine Solar, and the mode of authorization management would be adopted, and the existing distribution system, enterprise culture, various management modes would remain unchanged.
ICC Xintong News released the negative data of 2022, showing that the negative of Shanshan exceeded 200,000 tons in 2022, with a year-on-year increase of 100%, with a market share of 16%, and the negative material of artificial graphite ranked first in terms of shipment.
In terms of polarizing film business, Yano Research statistics show that the market share of Sunkyung Electronics, a subsidiary of the company, reached 29% in the global market in 2022, and it is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, SunSun Pharmaceutical’s revenue was RMB 15.841 billion, and its net profit was RMB 2.313 billion. On February 10, SunSun Pharmaceutical’s stock price was RMB 19.24 per share, and its total market value was RMB 43.6 billion.
On February 9, Sunsun said on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's graphitized effective capacity will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitized capacity of the Sunsun project is still in the process of climbing.
According to Wand, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshui.
Tianyancha shows that Zeng Yonggang holds a total shareholding proportion of 40.1% in Shanshui Cultivation Holdings Limited.
The general manager of Shenshen is Li Zhixia, born in 1968, and has served as the chairman of Dongguan Shenshen Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shenshen New Materials Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shenshen Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and deputy general manager of Ningbo Shenshen Co., Ltd.
Sunsun Holdings said on February 10 on the investor interaction platform that there is no blood relationship between senior management of the company and the actual controller of the company.
“Fund E account” has arrived: the CSRC authorizes the development of the collection and query of all funds held by investors - Economic Observation Network - A professional financial news website
Reporter Chen Miao, Economic Observer
Always forgetting the "petty cash"?
These problems of the grassroots will be solved.
On February 10, the CSRC announced that the "Fund E Account" APP was uploaded to various mobile app stores and launched a public trial run.
It was introduced that "Fund E Account" provides a "one-stop" query service for public fund accounts and share information for individual investors, aiming to solve the pain points of forgetting accounts and complicated queries for small and medium-sized investors.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were 156 public fund management institutions in the country, managing fund assets of about 26 trillion yuan; 167 public fund share registration institutions and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The account systems of each registered institution are independent of each other, and there is no unified query channel in the industry.
According to industry insiders, at the end of 2021, China's fund investors exceeded 720 million, which means that half of the country's population invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to inquire about their purchase through different sales institutions, but through the “fund E account”, they can inquire about all the purchase channels and the holdings of the fund at a glance.
What is the "Fund E Account" app?
According to the relevant documents, the “Fund E Account” APP is a mobile application developed and constructed by China Securities for the public fund industry, which has been approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with one-stop inquiry of off-exchange holding of shares of all public fund products in the market.
Investors can conveniently and quickly grasp the holdings of off-exchange shares of publicly offered fund products under various fund managers through “fund E account”, which can comprehensively improve the efficiency of inquiry.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through "fund E account" includes: fund account information opened at all public fund managers, transaction account information opened at public fund sales institutions, and off-exchange shareholdings of products such as publicly offered securities investment funds and asset management plans established by securities companies with no limit on the number of investors.
Liu Yichuan, the person in charge of business of Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told the reporter of Economic Observer that investors can know all their off-exchange public fund holdings through the “Fund E Account” App, help them find their “forgotten assets”, and more importantly, it helps customers to collect comprehensive account information of fund investment, help customers to grasp their investment situation more timely, accurately and completely, and thus better optimize their fund portfolio and better plan their financial arrangements.
How to register and use?
The reporter found that the "Fund E Account" APP has been uploaded to the app stores of Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and vivo, but the APP is still in the public trial operation stage, and registration requires filling in the invitation code, which can be obtained by contacting the fund management company holding the fund.
A customer service person from a large public fund in Shanghai provided an invitation code with six digits to the reporter of Economic Observation and told the reporter, “During the trial operation of the APP, China Clearing provides a certain number of invitation codes to each fund management company, and we will provide them when investors call.
After the trial run is over, the invitation code will no longer be required for open user registration.
”
The reporter registered an account and completed the query by downloading and using the relevant documents of the “Fund E account” published by the CSRC official website. The whole process only took a few minutes and mainly includes four steps: user registration, real name authentication, bonding of fund account, and public fund query.
After the real name authentication, click the “Assets” fund binding button, and all the fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms will be displayed in the binding option list (can be bound account), and after binding, you can see the total assets of the fund you invested in and start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the “Fund E account” only provides query services for investors and cannot be used for redemption and trading.
The data displayed in the "Fund E Account" is generally the date of the user's query (T day) plus three trading days.
For example, on February 10, when you open the "Fund E account", the total assets, fund shares and net asset value of the corresponding dates are three trading days before that date, i.e. February 7.
Copyright Notice: The above content is the original work of Economic Observer, and the copyright belongs to Economic Observer.
Without the authorization of the Economic Observer, any reproduction or mirroring is strictly prohibited, and the legal liability of the relevant parties will be pursued according to law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: 010-60910566-1260.
The United States, Japan, and the Philippines have reached a consensus on defense against the CCP
Asia - On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan and met with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Both sides reached a consensus on opposing the CPC’s infringement on the South China Sea and East China Sea. The leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement after the meeting, saying that they would conduct substantive defense exchanges through the trilateral defense agreement with the United States and oppose the CPC’s hegemonic policy.
According to Japanese media, Kishida wants to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to deal with the crisis in the Taiwan Strait.
Xiaomakos visited China in early January this year and signed a US$20 billion agreement.
However, after that, the relations between China and the Philippines not only did not improve, but rather deteriorated.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to the US military to ensure security in the South China Sea.
The new base is 300 kilometers from Taiwan and is the closest location to China.
If a crisis occurs in Taiwan, the US military may launch an operation from its base in the Philippines.
Japanese media believes that now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States to build a "counter-China arc" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
When Xia Litian, the Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, visited China, he conveyed the message from Song Tao that the Green Party is welcome to visit Taiwan under the 92 Consensus.
This time, the Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang of China, Shih Jiaying, met with Song Tao, Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the Central Government of China, and Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, respectively.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor of Guoguang Foundation, a KMT official institution, was interviewed by the Central News Agency of Taiwan yesterday evening. He gave a positive evaluation of Song Tao’s remarks to Xi Lianyin, saying that China welcomes Green Party members to visit the mainland as long as they recognize the “92 Consensus” and oppose Taiwan independence.
The KMT side evaluated it as a new thing.
Xia Lijian did not mention this in his meeting with Song Tao on the same day.
The DPP, which governs Taiwan, has been clarifying its rejection of the "92 Consensus" for days.
According to CNA today, the delegation led by the Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, Shih Jiing-liun, visited China and met with Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, Song Tao, the new Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, and Yin Li, the Secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee.
When Shi Lijian and Song Tao met, they talked about the political foundation of the national unification, which is the "92 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, senior advisor of the Nationalist Party National Government Fund, said in the meeting that the "92 Consensus" of the Nationalist Party is the original "92 Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this was different from the previous meetings he participated in.
In recent video conferences with scholars on the mainland, as well as in this one, I have not heard any scholars talk about the use of force or the “anti-secession law”. Instead, they have talked about the resumption of exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the situation on both sides of the strait was tense and dangerous, and the mainland hoped to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the CCP and the DPP, the latter still wants to do a good job for the people of Taiwan, and the representative does not want to ruin the cross-strait relations.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also gave instructions to Song Tao in person, saying, "You must implement the demands made by them (Taiwanese farmers and fishermen)", and if it is impossible to solve the problem comprehensively, it should be handled on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the KMT members mentioned the issue of Chinese military aircraft and warships disturbing Taiwan every day, the agricultural and fishery problems of a few counties and cities in Taiwan, and whether the reporters from Central News Agency asked such questions.
The AFL-CIO is again mobilizing a major march against the government's retirement reform plan.
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions launched a nationwide mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of action in the social backlash against the government's proposed retirement reforms.
The number of people who respond to the call for the rally may affect the next action plan of the labor groups.
This is the fourth time in a month that the eight major French trade unions have jointly launched a nationwide mobilization, and the first time that the protests have been scheduled for a Saturday.
As Saturday is a day off for most French people, they do not need to choose between joining the protests or going on a strike, and the union groups hope that today's gathering will attract more people to participate.
The unions of the transit system, subway and public railway companies did not call for a strike today, and the transit system should be able to operate normally, and citizens can take the transit to the rally site, and people in areas where schools start winter vacation can also go on a normal vacation.
The union wants more than a million people to attend the rally, while police expect between 600,000 and 800,000 nationwide, with 90,000 to 120,000 in central Paris.
Since the start of the protests against the government's pension reform plan, although polls show that most French people do not support the measure to delay the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people who actually took to the streets to participate in the demonstrations has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 gathered 1.27 million to 2.5 million people nationwide.
The crowd that demonstrated on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
The pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition parties, especially those led by the radical left, submitted numerous amendment proposals, which slowed down the review process.
The debates between the two sides are becoming more and more intense and acrimonious.
A member of the French far-left party, the Resistance, recently posted a picture of himself kicking a balloon with the image of the Minister of Labor on social media, which triggered protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly finally announced that the member of parliament would be banned from parliamentary activities for 15 days as punishment for this behavior.
Despite the fact that the reform plan has triggered the largest social movement in France in more than 20 years, the government has not made any major concessions so far, although it has made some minor adjustments to the draft.
The union is preparing to launch another action on Thursday, March 16, and it plans to organize a demonstration when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion on March 7.
China encourages raising the birth rate by donating sperm to universities with high quality standards
The sperm bank in Yunnan Province, China, issued an announcement on the 9th to solicit donations from those with a college degree or higher or students, and those who donate successfully 8 to 12 times can receive a subsidy of RMB4,500.
According to Taiwan media reports today, the message was trending on Weibo on the day it was sent, and it prompted many provinces and cities, including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong, and Beijing, to follow suit.
According to a report by the Liberty Times, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
Universities and colleges across the country have different donation requirements. The donation requirements for donors in Beijing are the highest. In addition to academic qualifications, they also require donors to be taller than 1.7 meters, have good facial features, no obvious hair loss, and near-sightedness no higher than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the sperm bank in Yunnan Province pointed out that the donors could receive a full male reproductive health check-up worth 1,000 yuan, "especially the semen and chromosome tests, which most people have never done before, and are of great significance to knowing their reproductive status".
The conditions for sperm donors include a height of 165 cm or above, a college degree or above, no color blindness or weak color vision, and no genetic diseases or infectious diseases.
According to the report, the Chinese Tianmu News quoted the Shaanxi Provincial Sperm Bank as saying that it had put up posters with the slogan "paid sperm donation is honorable" to call on young people to donate sperm and encouraged netizens to forward the message, "let love be spread".
The price in Shaanxi is higher than that in Yunnan. Eligible donors can receive RMB300 in cash each time, and those who have donated a certain number of times can receive a subsidy of RMB5,000.
Currently, the highest subsidy is known to be in Beijing, with a subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
The last communist prime minister of East Germany passed away today
The East German Communist Party's successor reported in a statement that "last night Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
Therefore, our party has lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the fall of the Berlin Wall that had separated East Berlin from West Berlin for 28 years, Modrow said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.
At the time, communist leaders were forced out of power as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
Gorbachev, after taking power in the Soviet Union, called for change in the Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results led to him no longer serving as prime minister.
Although Modrow undertook reforms, opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and reunification that occurred in October 1990.
He has also been criticised for attempting to reform rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Mordell was found guilty of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but did not go to prison.
Some have said the allegations are politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, he continued to serve in the German parliament, and from 1999 to 2004, he served as a member of the European Parliament.
Moderato sees himself as a reformer and wants to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said the achievements of East Germany should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica in Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a sergeant in the youth fire brigade and, as the conflict drew to a close, became a member of the Nazi militia, the Volkssturm, which conscripted men aged 16 to 60 for the final struggle.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by the Soviet army and taken as a prisoner of war to the Soviet Union, where he took part in anti-fascist courses and became a committed communist.
In 1949, the year of the founding of East Germany, he returned to his homeland and found a job as a mechanic. He continued his studies in social sciences and economics and earned a doctorate.
Modrow was a member of the Free German Youth movement, which was joined by almost all East German young people, and rose to become the chairman of the Dresden district party of the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) between 1973 and 1989.
He also served in the East German parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Mr. Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state office.
Iran marks revolution anniversary, hackers who support protests shocked by president's TV speech
Iran held official gatherings to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution on Saturday, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted a televised speech by President Ebrahim Raisi.
The president's live televised speech was interrupted for about a minute on the internet by a group of anti-Iranian government hackers who call themselves "Edalat Ali" (Ali's Justice).
There was also a voice shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic."
According to a report by Reuters today, Iran interrupted the coverage of the national television station by hackers on the anniversary of the revolution.
Iran's hard-line government marked the 44th anniversary of the Islamic Revolution with its most defiant challenge yet from young protesters demanding its overthrow, but President Hassan Rouhani called on "deceived youth" to repent so they can be pardoned by Iran's highest authority.
Protests across Iran continue to rage after the death of 22-year-old Amine Mahsa Amini in custody of the country's morality police in September.
Iran's security forces have responded to the protests with lethal force, one of the most powerful challenges to the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution overthrew 2,500 years of monarchy.
As part of the anniversary of the revolutionary amnesty, Iranian authorities released on Friday the imprisoned dissident Farhad Meysami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelkhah, who had been on hunger strike in protest.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued a pardon that included some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters have been killed, including 71 minors, according to the human rights organization HRANA.
Another 70 government security personnel were reported killed.
It is believed that up to 19,763 protesters were arrested.
Iranian leaders and state media have been calling for a vote of support for the government and against the protests at Saturday's gathering for weeks.
On Friday night, during the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, official media showed fireworks as part of the government-sponsored celebrations, and people shouted "Allahu Akbar!
(God is the greatest!)"
However, many people at the rally were heard shouting "Down with the dictator!"
" and the "death of the Islamic Republic" in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, state television broadcast footage of official rallies across the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, domestic anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were showcased.
President Lesin's speech was frequently interrupted by chants of "U.S.A. Go to hell" - a signature chant at rallies in the state.
The crowd also shouted "Death to Israel."
Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months, Reuters said.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on charges of national security.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she was back in jail.
Adelkhah denied the charges.
Meszaros was released a week ago after his supporters warned he was at risk of death due to his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of headscarves.
France's foreign ministry welcomed Adelkhah's release on Friday and called for her to be allowed to return to France "if she so wishes".
”
Did the balloon incident wake up America?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a report by the Wall Street Journal today, the United States is preparing to further tighten its export of technology to China following the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials say the balloon incident underscores the national security threat posed by China and will generate more political support for efforts to harden U.S. technology defenses.
The United States said that the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior official of the US Central Intelligence Agency and now a senior fellow at the Washington think tank New America Security Center.
"This is undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire and supporting the hard-line view on China."
"We will also consider taking more comprehensive action to expose and respond to China's larger scale surveillance activities that pose a threat to our national security and to our allies and partners," White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday.
"U.S. officials say they have briefed the governments of more than 30 countries on the balloon incident, underscoring the importance of international coordination in dealing with the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior research fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Select Committee on the Strategic Competition Between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party in the US House of Representatives may also put pressure on the United States to take more severe measures to slow down China's development.
She said lawmakers would feel increasing pressure to take a harder line, which could force the White House to adopt a tougher policy.
The Wall Street Journal said that many people who advocate for stricter export controls are also pushing to expand the scope of the controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The U.S. government has also been developing a foreign investment review plan to examine whether U.S. investments overseas pose potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls to move more quickly to implement the plan.
Syria-Turkey earthquake relief work continues day and night
Since the strong earthquake in Turkey and Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked tirelessly day and night in the ruins of thousands of buildings destroyed by the earthquake to rescue survivors buried under rubble.
In the cold, they often call for quiet as they strain to hear any sign of life from the rubble.
According to a report by Reuters today, two more women were rescued after surviving in the rubble of the earthquake for several days.
However, the death toll from the earthquake rose to 24,150.
Turkey has recorded 20,665 deaths, while Syria has recorded more than 3,500 deaths.
The 7.8-magnitude earthquake that struck Monday continued to be followed by several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria. It is the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan and approaching the 31,000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
A similar strong earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake to hit the region in two decades, Turkish officials said Saturday, as rescuers pulled the women from the rubble of collapsed buildings in Turkey.
The other injured man, 55-year-old Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, Turkey's largest city in the southeast.
In the cold, rescuers often call for quiet as they strain to hear any signs of life from the rubble.
In Samandag, Turkey, rescuers crouched under concrete slabs, whispering "Inshallah" - "God willing" - as they carefully reached into the rubble to pull out a newborn, just 10 days old.
He opened his eyes and the baby, Yagiz Ulas, was wrapped in a blanket and taken to the field hospital.
The video footage shows that the emergency personnel also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale-faced on the stretcher, but conscious.
Fuat Oktay, the Vice President of Turkey, told reporters at night that 67 people were rescued from the ruins in the past 24 hours, and 31,000 rescue personnel were mobilized in the disaster area.
He said that about 80,000 people were receiving treatment in hospitals, while 1.05 million people were homeless due to the earthquake and were crammed into makeshift shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter, the public is increasingly questioning the disaster relief response of the two leaders.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma visited a hospital in Aleppo, according to Syrian state media, which said it was the first time he had visited a disaster area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said that its stocks in northwestern Syria, which is controlled by the rebels, were running out because of the complicated rescue work due to the war.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adiyaman province, where he admitted that the government's response had not been as fast as it should have been.
Opponents seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is seeking re-election in a May 14 vote that could be postponed by the disaster.
Reuters said that anger over delayed aid and rescue efforts could affect the election.
Even before the quake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge to Erdogan's 20-year rule.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called "negative campaigning for political gain."
The leader of Turkey's main opposition party, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, criticized the government's response.
Critics said, "The earthquake was big, but the lack of coordination, planning and incompetence is even more serious.
”
Vietnam News Agency Hanoi – According to the report by the special envoy of Vietnam News Agency, during the visit to Brunei, on the morning of February 11, Nguyen Xuan Phuc, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, abbreviated as “Brunei University”).
The University of Brunei Darussalam is the largest centre of higher education and scientific research in Brunei, and is ranked third in the university rankings in the region.
The University of Brunei Darussalam is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
In July 2013, the University of Brunei Darussalam officially established a cooperative relationship with Vietnam’s FPT University, and the main area of cooperation is English training.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei Darussalam has also included Vietnamese in its curriculum.
When visiting the University of Brunei Darussalam, Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and his wife had an exchange with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Phan Van Giang is happy that more and more foreigners are learning Vietnamese, and he will actively contribute to promoting the image of Vietnamese culture, characteristics and local customs to the world.
Phan Thanh Binh, the Prime Minister of the Government, expressed his belief and hope that the team of Vietnamese language teachers at the University of Brunei Darussalam would become stronger and stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language class would become more and more interested in Vietnamese language, study hard, and be able to use fluent Vietnamese soon, and become the messenger of the friendly and cooperative relationship between Vietnam and Brunei.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also took the opportunity to communicate with Vietnamese students studying English at FPT-UBD Global Center in Tien Giang City via video to learn about their study situation, especially during the pandemic.
According to Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung, the cooperative relationship between Vietnam's FPT University and the University of Brunei Darussalam, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the cooperative relationship between Vietnam and Brunei in education.
At the same time, I hope that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and the two countries.
Prime Minister Phan Minh Giang highly appreciated the outcomes of the education cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei, including the cooperation between FPT University and Brunei University and the initiative of Brunei University to include Vietnamese language in the curriculum, during his talks with the Minister of Education of Brunei and leaders of Brunei University.
Prime Minister Prayut Wongsuwan hopes that the University of Brunei Darussalam will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the size of the Vietnamese language class.
Pham Minh Chinh, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, also highly appreciated the positive results of cooperation between the two countries based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Educational Cooperation signed in April 2014; he suggested that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs, such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Phan Van Mien expressed his high appreciation to the University of Brunei Darussalam for establishing its first branch in Vietnam; believed that the university would continue to grow in scale in the region and the world; and further expand cooperation with Vietnamese universities.
Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha and his wife planted a commemorative tree and wrote in the guest book at the campus of the University of Brunei Darussalam.
Prime Minister Prayuth Wongsuwan wished that the University of Medicine and Pharmacy would continue to develop and contribute more and more power to the education industry of Vietnam, and develop deeper and broader cooperation with Vietnamese educational and training institutions.
(Finish)
VietNamNet
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his wife have successfully completed their official visits to Singapore and Brunei, achieving comprehensive, practical and specific outcomes, VNA reported.
In the three days of his visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingcheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements have injected new impetus to the development of the strategic partnership and comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and Laos in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During the visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh continued to reiterate the foreign policy of the Party and the State of Vietnam, namely independence, pluralism, diversity, willingness to be good friends and reliable partners of all countries, and responsible members of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of each country, and the commitment to promoting the well-being of their people, and to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At various meetings and talks, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai agreed with the leaders of Singapore and Brunei to continuously strengthen political trust with Vietnam through the exchange of high-level delegations, the effective implementation of bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnership with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening Comprehensive Partnership with Brunei in 2023-2027 are the two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Photo from Vietnam News Agency
During the meeting with business leaders, the symposium or the attendance of economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates favorable conditions for Singapore and Brunei businesses to expand investment in digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity in Vietnam.
This visit will not only help deepen the cooperation between Vietnam, Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, foreign affairs, economy, security, defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also create a cooperation framework for the countries in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart city, and sustainable development.
Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah, the King of Brunei, and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are ready to enter into bilateral talks.
Photo from Vietnam News Agency
During the visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the Vietnamese community living in the localities.
During the meeting between the two leaders, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai suggested that the two countries' authorities should pay more attention and ensure that the local Vietnamese community is treated fairly, and create favorable conditions for the local community to contribute to society and cultivate the relationship between the two countries.
Both leaders agreed and supported the proposal.
In particular, Prime Minister Fan Mingjian shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain unity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance the central role of ASEAN in the complex and changing regional and international situations.
On the basis of the important achievements, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai’s official visit to Singapore and Brunei made positive contributions to the effective implementation of the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam, which gives priority to strengthening relations with ASEAN neighboring countries, the effective implementation of the 12th conclusion of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam on Vietnamese Overseas Work in the New Situation (12-KL/TW), and the mobilization of the national unity force.
(Finish)
What exactly was the "object" that was shot down over Alaska?
Confusing and full of guesses.
The US military used the most advanced stealth fighter jet F-22 again on Friday afternoon (February 10) to shoot down an unidentified object flying in the sky of Alaska, USA.
The crash site is 10 miles from the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the US military has shot down an airborne object.
A Chinese spy balloon was shot down off the coast of South Carolina in the United States after drifting across U.S. airspace for several days.
The Pentagon said the second object, which entered US airspace over the north-east of Alaska on Thursday night, was tracked by the US military as it moved at an altitude of 12,000 metres (40,000 feet) and was about the size of a small car, much smaller than the previous Chinese spy balloon.
The Pentagon also believes that there is no evidence that the object is maneuverable.
John Carlin, the Strategic Communications Coordinator for the National Security Council at the White House, said on Friday that while the specific nature of the object flying in the sky was unclear, it "posed a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation."
Kobe said that the object was different from the spy balloon found in the United States, as it did not have a "payload" hanging from it.
"We call it an 'object' because that's the best description we can give it at the moment," said Kobe.
President Biden listened to advice from the Pentagon before ordering the strike, and he made the decision "with great care," Cobie added.
The official description of the object by the United States can be roughly summarized as follows: it is the size of a small car, has no control stick, no suspension system, and flies at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But the information still does not answer fundamental questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is on.
Many analyses and speculations online suggest that it could be another Chinese balloon.
It may have come from China, like the spy balloon that invaded U.S. airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, performing some sort of mission in different locations.
Some people also linked the "object" in Alaska with "UFO".
The report by U.S. News Weekly quoted a tweet posted on Friday by Peter Meijer, a former U.S. Congressman, saying, "I really hope that this 'unidentified flying object' is a spy balloon, not a legitimate UFO."
"It's surprising that the irony of mixing alien spacecraft with weather balloons is causing an intergalactic conflict," Mayer said.
Mayer tweeted shortly after Kobe confirmed the downing of the Alaska object.
Newsweek said that it was not just Mejia who suspected the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Rep. Tim Burchett criticized the government's efforts to cover up intelligence last month, calling on the Director of National Intelligence to release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
Amazon's customer service is hard to believe.
I'm guessing that few people have seen this, but I'll say it anyway.
The shirt was originally a pullover with a drawstring, but it ended up being a short-sleeved shirt.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service, and at that time, it was confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I requested to exchange the goods, and the customer service said they would solve it, and then I immediately saw that the name of the goods had been changed to short sleeves, and the link I bought was taken down.
Then the customer service notified me to either keep the goods and compensate me with a certain amount or return the goods.
Is this Amazon's handling method?
It's really unbelievable. The clothes being sent to me were not my problem. As a consumer, I asked for the product I was entitled to, and I didn't make any exaggerated demands. Amazon changed the name and said it was out of stock.
This is my first long review, and I hope it's not my last.
Sleeves that are incomprehensible to people
It is said to be made of cowhide, and it is indeed quite hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks on it, and it is not clear whether it is real leather; furthermore, the sleeves of this coat are really incomprehensible; the sleeves of a jacket are usually longer than the dress, but usually only 1-2 cm; this coat is 5 cm longer, and the arms should naturally hang down at the position of the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this coat cover the fingers.
It's easy to buy clothes, and it's easy to return them.
But when will the money be returned?
The clothes were well made, but because the size was too small, I had to return them. However, it has been more than a week since I returned the clothes, and I still haven’t received a refund?
And to have to contact the dishonest FedEx to get my money back was the worst shopping experience since I started buying from Amazon!
However, the store was good and cooperated actively to urge the courier to refund the money in time. However, the work of this Fullpeak courier was really angry-making. It took about half a month to refund the money. This partner is just trying to pull Amazon’s legs. The work efficiency is poor and there is no service awareness!
More suitable for young people
It's a 99 Second Killer.
The workmanship, color, and feel of the underpants are all good, and they are soft/thin enough, and don't have a gasoline smell.
Unfortunately, the model is slim, which is more suitable for young people.
3XL, flat waist circumference 2 feet 5 inches, maximum stretch 4 feet, 1.79/80 kilograms, the waist is a little tight.
It seems like there is no drawstring around my waist, and it is quite difficult to loosen my waist.
Besides, it's uncomfortable to wear something so tight.
It's good, but not very bright in color
I just bought it and it has gone up by more than 200 yuan. What’s going on?
The first time Amazon used the delivery service of Tian Tian Lao Bu, the delivery person did not deliver the package to my home; later, the delivery person called me twice to arrange a delivery time, but he still did not deliver the package. Later, they directly refunded my money, and this unscrupulous delivery person does not have any integrity. I strongly suggest that you do not use Tian Tian Lao Bu again.
This time, they also returned a hoodie I bought, and the price went up by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon should not sell these products
Buy it when it is on special offer, it is not cheap, but the reviews are very good.
When I received the product, I was stunned. The surface of the product was heavily damaged, and there were many other places with damage. It was either a substandard product or a used one.
I applied for a refund, and the manufacturer said it was caused by transportation after seeing the pictures, isn’t that nonsense?
How could there be wear and tear inside the goods?
There are only two possibilities: either it is a substandard or old product, or I deliberately damaged the product and then returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I didn’t damage the goods, but according to my shopping record on Amazon, I think such goods shouldn’t be on Amazon’s own brand; customers choose Amazon’s own brand is to trust, customer win, we win; customer’s victory is the victory of the manufacturer, and I hope everyone can work together to improve, thank you.
I have used this product for less than a year, and two E2s have appeared. I don’t know how to deal with it.
I bought this product on July 30, 2015, but the right two sets of E2 lights on the receiver turned red in March 2016, which should be a problem with the transmitter module, right? This doesn’t match the information on the Amazon website that the transmitter module can work for 7 years. I can’t find any after-sales service on the Amazon website. What should I do?
It's okay.
The first purchase was bad.
It doesn't feel new.
The labels on the box were torn off, and the labels on the body were broken.
And it always goes blank.
It was fine after that.
The exchange is pretty fast, and it's a bit blurry at night, and the viewing angle isn't very wide, but it's enough for normal home use.
The only downside is that there is no card, I bought it myself, and I also bought a phone from Amazon before.
There is a sticker on the package to prevent it from being opened, but there isn't one this time. There was a sticker like this when I bought the phone, which I could stick on the warranty card, but there isn't one this time.
I am confused, I don't know if it's because the price is cheap that there is no stock.
Waiting for the supplier to respond
The packaging had no label, so I called the supplier and said that the answer was that it was genuine, and if you doubt it, you can mail the corner or edge of the packaging to Johnson & Johnson for verification. I also left my license plate number and phone number, and promised that I would send a text message to inform me to enter my information into the warranty card on the Johnson & Johnson website. Have you received the text message yet?
I received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
I am very confident about Amazon's self-produced products.
The mechanic who changed the oil said the oil was clear and it was good oil.
Because it was the second purchase.
So I am still very confident.
The delivery was fast, the package was not picky, and the engine noise decreased significantly after using this oil.
It is cost-effective, and it is difficult to find synthetic engine oil for less than 200.
Support Star Crown, support winning, and effectively protect the car.
Japanese Amazon caused serious losses to buyers due to customer service problems (the delivery of 8c mites was 8cm mites) (8c = 14cm, 8cm = 2c)
Admitting the mistake, but always shirking the responsibility, and always emphasizing that the goods were third-party goods and could not be controlled by the third party.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
I originally purchased the page size options of 7c, 8, and 9c. I thought this was a trap at the time, and I called the Chinese customer service of JD.com and clearly stated that 8 was 8c. However, when the goods arrived in China, I found that there was only 8cm. I think this was a trap deliberately set up to cheat Chinese people (according to the after-sales service of Amazon), and now the page no longer has this option.
Chinese customer service: I am sorry for causing you losses, we have two options for you:
1, you can return the item, and the buyer will bear all the shipping costs.
2. If you don't want to return the item, we will compensate you with 1,000 yen.
(I calculated that the shoes were more than 4,000 yen, which is equivalent to 200 RMB, and I chose 1, so I don’t have shoes, and I lost 200 yuan.
Choice 2, I have shoes, and I was compensated 2000 yen in the end, and the final loss was 150rmb. Customer service: We have recorded it, we will handle it seriously, and the next day, the returned email said that I do not accept the mediation of the Chinese customer service, and that was the end of it.
I said: when the purchase page shows options like 7c, 8c, and 9c, which are misleading, the Chinese customer service helped me to say that the common code for Japan is not like 7c, but like 140, but did you check other mushroom pages?
There are both American codes and Japanese codes mixed.
Moreover, why did you put the 8cm in between the 7c and 9c, as it is the smallest size, what’s the point of putting it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese services, but we don’t know if you want to ship it back to your country, so we won’t compensate for the shipping fee.
I don’t understand this logic. I am Japanese, and I need Chinese customer service. Chinese living in Japan don’t need Chinese customer service. Tourists visiting Japan don’t have the time to call international long distance, so the question is, who needs to call the Chinese customer service of Amazon Global? It’s just like me, a Japanese buyer on Amazon.
Aren’t Amazon’s Chinese customer service representatives just making it easier for us to shop overseas?
I was not very satisfied with this purchase.
This is the second time I bought Bambix diapers from Amazon. I bought a box of them when my baby was 2 months old. I chose the diapers made of imported paper from Europe. I was quite satisfied with my first purchase experience. My baby used one diaper all night. It really can meet the 12-hour diaper-free requirement.
However, when I bought L brand diapers this time, there were two packages in one box, and when I opened it, I found that the paper was quite soft, which was quite different from the imported Coobie, and it was still okay to use on my baby. There was no urine leakage and no rash.
But when the second diaper was used, red rashes appeared on the inner side of the baby’s thighs immediately, and they have not faded away until now.
I suspected the two packets in one box, the quality is not the same.
I won't be buying from them again!
Want to pay attention to the transport protection of the package
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have ever seen for online shopping. There is absolutely no protection, no cushioning foam, no buffer material, nothing.
Just a crushed box.
And the soft plastic boxes inside were crushed and deformed.
I hope it is genuine and of good quality, and I won’t dare to buy anything from Amazon in the future.
I would rather pay half the price and have a guarantee.
And the problem of packaging for commodity products, I saw that people commented on it in 2016, and it still looks the same now, 19 years later.
This means that Amazon doesn’t care about service feedback at all, and it is far different from domestic companies such as JD and Tmall.
It's beautiful, but a bit of a shame
I really like the color of the whole cup, which is orange red. Although my family is a man's family, I still think that orange red and yellow are eye-catching.
Smaller than I imagined, but it was meant to be taken out of the house, so it’s still acceptable.
I took it home last night and tried it out. After pushing the cap back, the distance between the straw and the cap was too close. Because the straw is vertical, my son always has to hold the bump on the cap while drinking, and he thinks this part could be improved.
It seems that the straw cups of other brands are tilted for a reason, because kids' things are really about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and large capacity
I like it because it is lightweight and has a large opening, but I think the two independent compartments are a bit excessive and I don’t know what to put in them.
After I bought it, I found that there was another one of a different brand that was very similar on Meituan Overseas Purchase, for less than 200 yuan.
Fake goods, especially bad ones.
I was fooled by Amazon selling fake goods.
The customer service said that I couldn’t return it because I used it, and I didn’t know it was fake.
Because of trust, I am sad; after all, it is a makeup product. Please go to a physical store and buy it.
Because it was a flash sale, I didn’t read the comments, and I have already submitted the e-commerce platform to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let’s fight for our rights together.
Is it broken?
Fake goods?
In short, a tragedy.
I chose a fine-pored one for the second sheet, but it smelled weird as soon as I opened it. I thought it was normal because I had never used this brand before. But when I put it on my face, I couldn’t stand it anymore. It had a strong smell that I can’t describe, and I coughed and sneezed as soon as I inhaled it. My eyes also hurt, and tears came out. I took it off immediately and washed my face.
I didn't believe in ghosts, so I opened another bottle of the same brand, but it didn't have such a strong smell, and I'm currently applying it.
It reminded me of the smell of cheap hair dye in a salon.
It's hard to imagine that Amazon's own-brand skincare products will be avoided from now on.
You traitors.
At that time, the activity page said that the “Three-Body Universe” would be given for orders over 99 yuan, but the product was not given when the goods were received. When I called customer service, I was told to show them the screenshot of the activity at that time. The problem is that whoever bought the product would have to provide the screenshot of the webpage, and you need the customer to help you provide it. You need to keep the evidence when you buy something next time, buyers.
Feeling afterward
This is the first time I bought something on Amazon, and I have several feelings about it. First, when I used the product, I felt that it was painless and had no stimulating taste. Overall, it was pretty good. It took about 8 minutes to wipe off, and there was a small amount of sweat on it. If you don’t look closely, you won’t notice it. So, overall, it’s pretty good. As for the future, I will continue to observe and use it again to see how it goes.
Anyway, I think this stuff is really good.
I placed an order on the 27th and received the goods on the 12th, which is a total of 15 days, or half a month. The delivery person from Amazon was also very nice.
Third, don’t believe in Amazon’s Black Friday. Order on Friday and it will be cheaper by nearly 12 yuan after two days. I bought it for more than 170 yuan (including shipping and other fees), and it feels like they raise the price when they have a promotion.
The customer service said that the price fluctuates, and the price has been like this for more than 10 days, and the fluctuation is not big.
Cheap price, made in Japan, with Chinese labels, with granules, and absolutely refundable!
The toothpaste with grains in it is refreshing, and your teeth feel smooth after using it. It's much better than some other second-hand toothpaste. They say it's imported, but many of them don't have Chinese labels, so I don't know where they were sourced from.
From now on, I will never buy second-hand goods again as long as Amazon has them.
Here is a suggestion. Sometimes the order cannot be posted on the Amazon app. I hope the app can be improved, and it will get better and better!
Excellent has been getting worse and worse over the years, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
Garbage Excellent does not care about customer needs and delivers orders between 7 and 10 pm.
Because there is an elderly person in the family who is not able to get out of bed after surgery, the delivery can only be made in the evening.
The result was that they came directly to my door at 12 noon, without even calling me first.
If the delivery time is when you want, why do you have to pretend to be polite and give a time for customers to choose?
If your logistics cannot guarantee the service, then you should not be an e-commerce company!
An elderly man with three wounds on his body had to get out of bed to open the door to receive the delivery, and then he had to find some spare change to pay for it!
The order has a contact phone number!
No one even called to explain!
The so-called complaint customer service of Zhuangye.com is a bunch of people from other places pretending to be there, and they will make light of your complaint and give you a so-called response.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I had put up with similar problems with delivery times before, but this time I couldn’t put up with it; it was too much!
The new book I bought was shipped with the front and back covers reversed. This is obviously a quality problem. So, I blindly sent the book to the customer?
No one will contact you even if you leave a negative comment.
Excellent has been getting worse and worse over the years, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
I will not spend a penny on Excellence again.
The picture quality is just not acceptable
As the title of "Ancient Map Collection", the book is really hard to accept in terms of the selection of pictures, layout, and printing, and some pictures are even pixelated and blurred to the point of being unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small illustration, it should not be a shame to the ancient Chinese literature materials left by our ancestors in the catalog!
(And many of the images can be obtained from relevant industry resources in clear original files) What is the difference between compiling books with these images and not using images?
I regret this kind of academic spirit.
No comment on the text, the Fang family has their own opinions.
Overall 2 stars.
I read this book in Grade 2, and I only read it because I was bored. I thought I wouldn’t get addicted to this kind of book, because I was not interested in online literature before.
Then... I fell into a hole.
According to the plot, the whole book is quite light and pleasant. When Ye Zhu was still in the game, even though the guilds were fighting against each other, it was not heavy at all because they were often killed by Ye Shen Dog.
As for the part of the game, it wrote a bittersweet story of the changes of the times (perhaps because I am too sentimental).
I spent a lot of time studying this book in my second year of high school, but I just couldn't put it down.
The full-time description of characters and emotional lines is amazing, and some characters only appear occasionally, but they will leave a deep impression on people. For example, the characters Yu Zhuang, Huang Xiaotian, and Su Moqing, who are described in detail, have a large number of fans, and the characters who are not in the center of writing, such as Jiang Bo, Chu Yunxiu, and so on, are also very popular, and it is hard to find a character that people hate in a novel about e-sports; this is the success of full-time in character description.
In terms of the romantic line, the full-time writers don’t have the problem of the three thousand beautiful women in the harem, either beautiful or corrupt, that is often criticized in web novels. All the characters in the novel have one thing in common: they like the game Honor and most of them want a fair victory.
The subterfuge is small, and everyone seems so simple and sweet.
This is perhaps why there aren't any particularly unlikable characters in Full Time.
The full-time IP is a big part of that.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of web literature, Full-Time Job is a good book.
He really does give people some blood and a little bit of inspiration.
I became a full-time animator in April this year.
I have wanted to buy this book for a long time, but I never had enough money to buy it all at once. Then, when I decided to buy it, I found that the TB version was full of counterfeit products. Recently, another version was released, and I really like the cover, but I still plan to buy the old version first. So, I bought a set on Amazon.
Next, let me briefly introduce the goods.
● The fourth book is not shrink-wrapped, but the book is new.
● The 17th book was plastic-wrapped but was opened, and the book felt strange and was not hard.
The same as Book 23 and Book 17, but harder than Book 17, but very old.
● The publishers of a few books are different, for example, the 23rd and 17th seem to be the same publisher, and the others are different.
● Overall, I am satisfied. It is a big box of 24 books, which is very satisfying.
The little lion was sad.
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as Lost City of Z, but there’s a lot of text!
I read it three times before I could finish reading it to the little kids. It's about a little lion who can shoot guns and loves to drink juice and eat candy.
When I saw the scene where the lion ate the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable; modern city people can't accept such an arrangement where animals eat humans.
In the end, this little lion, who succeeded in human society, lost himself; he was no longer a complete lion, nor a complete human.
Finally, only the back of the little lion was left, and no one knew where he went.
The image of the little lion may remain in the memory of the grown-up little friends for many years, and be recalled by chance one day, perhaps touching or inspiring her.
A collection of works with a high cost-effectiveness
1. I didn’t know TASCHEN before, but I bought a lot of their books recently because they are so powerful, whether in terms of their selection or production.
This work has been released in three versions. The largest version is as big as the Leonardo da Vinci Complete Works, which is nearly 50 cm long and 34 cm wide. The medium version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide. This version is the smallest, and it comes with a book box.
I think it is acceptable. Firstly, it is cheap and the 700-plus pages are divided into two volumes, which is good for browsing; secondly, it is different from the complete works of Michelangelo, where the paintings are the main part, and the black and white manuscripts of Da Vinci take up most of the book. For readers with limited budget and who are not art majors, this version is the best in terms of cost performance for appreciating the paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanations for the painting part are great, including composition analysis, draft analysis, and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I don’t know if it’s a printing or book size problem, some parts of the shadows in the counties are too deep, and it’s hard to see the details, which is a bit regrettable.
Compared to Michelangelo's manuscript, the manuscript of Da Vinci is much more rich in content.
The former is already a genius, and the latter is too broad and too high to be described as a genius.
If you only looked at the paintings, you could only understand half of Da Vinci. After watching the manuscript, I was completely speechless.
Whoever buys it will regret it!
I never give a bad review, this is really rubbish, I wasted money on it, what a shame!
1. The time is not right, and suddenly it becomes January 1, and the time is reset.
2. The poor quality strap is not silicone, and the strap caused an allergic reaction on my wrist.
3. I can't get my phone to connect.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. Sleep detection is not displayed, and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Other.
Logistics is too slow.
It showed that it would be delivered on October 16, but I only received it on October 21, and I gave it a bad review!
The delivery is too bad, I thought it would be slow to buy things on Amazon, but I didn’t expect it to be this slow!
Overall, I am satisfied.
I was worried about the camera packaging at first, but this time it was fine, and there was an inflatable bag inside. The camera was consistent with the three codes, and I could also register it on the official website. The shutter speed was 0, and the rest could only wait for the time to test it.
The delivery speed is also pretty fast. Here, I want to complain about the delivery guy. Valuable items were put in the lobby, and he was so fast that I couldn’t open the package in front of him. I was speechless.
The seller thought of the customer before shipping:)
The seller was responsible and called to ask about the size of the camera screen, which was really thoughtful for the customer.
The shipping speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also quite suitable and useful.
Battery not fully charged.
The machine is really good, I want to ask how come the first time I charged it, it didn't charge to full, and the charging indicator light was always red
Currently, there is no official feedback channel for Amazon, so you can only give feedback in the product reviews.
On March 29, the book was purchased for 31 yuan through pre-order, and it was shown that it would be pushed to the device on March 31. At this time, the book could not be previewed on the Amazon website (because it had not been published yet);
The book pushed to the device on March 31 was blank, with only a request to wait, while the electronic version of the book was reduced to RMB 18 on Amazon;
I have repeatedly tried to delete the blank book downloaded from the device and synchronize it again, but I still cannot get the electronic version of "The Nature of Business" with actual content, but I can preview the book on the Amazon official website.
I have a few thoughts at the moment.
1. The price is not the most important issue. The key is how to replace the blank books on Kindle with books with actual content, instead of always being “please wait” when downloading.
2. I won’t buy the pre-ordered books anymore, because if I jump the queue, it will be very complicated to download a book with empty content;
3. I hope Amazon can provide a normal channel to feedback such problems. When there is any doubt about downloading or using e-books, there should be a place to feedback (work order, online customer service, etc. You can refer to how Microsoft official store does it).
Not really recommended to read
I read it a long time ago, and I just happened to see it again.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of fragments of life about love.
The tone of the book is extremely plain, like plain water, and the choice of words and sentences is the epitome of simplicity; the plot is as quiet and plain as a street in the afternoon of a summer day.
Each short story is a fragment of time from an ordinary life, with no beginning or end.
They were collected together and given the title "When We Talk About Love, What Are We Talking About."
I think this collection of short stories, and its title, is a kind of performance art. The author wants to express that love is not just the joys and sorrows on stage, but also the cliché of urban legends; it is not just the sweetness of being close to someone; love is not just what is represented by the above, and love is also the mundane life, the monotonous days, and the helplessness in life, the escape from reality, and the confusion about the future.
As you read this book, you may recall the quarrelling couple beside you, the friend’s boring marriage, and the unsatisfactory relationship.
This is the reason why I don't recommend reading it. From the aesthetic point of view, the writing style and plot of the book are tasteless; unless your life is full of shocks and surprises or you live in a candy castle, you will feel that it is boring and uninteresting when you read it.
In terms of depth of thought, the daily events are not eye-opening or expanding one's mind and vision (this is different from Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera), and the brief segments do not explore any issues, such as what kind of mistakes lead to the failure of love?
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book, whether you read it or not doesn't matter.
The author's ideas are expressed more through techniques and forms than through the story plot, which is also the reason why the reading experience of this book is not good.
It is suitable for casual reading and cannot be read in detail.
The book is well-structured, but the content is not very rich.
It explained what and why many sales theories are, but it was weak in terms of how to do it; it only pointed out the direction but did not provide specific practices.
Also, the book feels like it was cobbled together.
The examples include both domestic and foreign ones; both well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople and those who are not well-known.
I don't know if it's a story compiled for the sake of example, and if some cases experienced by the author would be more convincing.
The terms "customer" and "client" are used interchangeably.
The title is still customer, but in the main text, it becomes customer.
The e-book also had misspellings, missing punctuation, and incorrect numbering.
In short, this book is a good choice for beginners, but it is not suitable for people who are already engaged in sales and want to improve their sales level.
A brief introduction to the Internet finance book
This book is very shallow, and can be said to be just an introduction, which can help you quickly understand the overall situation of Internet finance, but if you want to understand it in depth, you still need to follow the clues and dig it out yourself.
It was written earlier, and the later Alipay and WeChat subsidy war to cultivate user habits has not been mentioned; the proportion of third-party payments nowadays is probably not as small as what the book said.
Now many people go out to eat and bring their mobile phones, and merchants have abandoned UnionPay because of the high bank transaction volume.
However, I am very grateful to the author for writing this introduction book. It is obvious that the author has at least several years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, which is why the content is so easy to understand.
It is easy to write something grand and high-sounding; the difficulty lies in writing something that is easy to understand.
I appreciate you, and I want you to know that!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the level of salary, but whether they are given enough attention and appreciation in their work.
According to Maslow’s hierarchy of needs theory, after the basic survival needs of human beings are met, the most urgent need is the psychological need of being understood, affirmed and appreciated.
Indeed, for Chinese people, most of them are “I love you but I can’t say it”, even if they have love, gratitude and appreciation, they won’t say it out loud.
In this book, the author elaborates on five languages of appreciation: words of affirmation, acts of service, quality time, tangible gestures, and physical touch.
I think what’s important is not what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use them from the bottom of your heart to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, whether they are family, friends or colleagues.
In fact, the closer the relationship, the more we need to appreciate and be grateful, so that our lives will become more beautiful.
If you learn to appreciate, enterprises can also retain talents to a certain extent and reduce the turnover rate.
Thanks to the translators for bringing us the wonderful thoughts and worlds from abroad.
Due to the differences in cultural backgrounds between East and West, there are some differences between the two versions of the book. If you have the opportunity, I believe you will gain more from reading the original version.
Thanks again to the authors, translators and editors for their hard work!
It is suspected to be a counterfeit product, and Amazon should conduct a strict review.
The quality is terrible, the packaging is loose, it has no weight, and it is even worse than the products from street vendors; it has no weight and no bar code; the packaging of ten bags is loose and it is not a qualified product; it is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, and I have applied for a refund; it is a quality problem; I suggest that the seller wake up and refuse to sell poor quality products; addition: I bought a heart-shaped stamp again, 23 yuan/10 sheets at the supermarket, and I added a few pictures for comparison, which further confirmed the poor quality of this product; in order to provide consumers with more clear reference, avoid economic losses and further unhappiness!
Once again, we hope that Amazon can be meticulous and strict with the source of the products.
The hastily produced product falls short of expectations
Advantages:
1. Big brand, cheap price.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are both guaranteed by PANASONIC, and they are OK to use, but they are not as good as I expected.
Disadvantages:
1. There is no charging indicator light. This is the most basic thing, and even the power indicator is missing. I guess customers who buy products for 300 yuan are a waste, and Panasonic has no respect for them.
2. Strong odor. Even if you only charge it for 10 minutes, you can smell the strong odor of burning plastic.
The office was trialed for 1 day, and the whole room smelled like plastic.
Compared with the Philips PHILIPS of the same price that I used before, although it has an extra blade, the Samsung product is really not up to the standard of the consumer.
Small packaging
When I received the parcel, I saw that it was the e-commerce version. It was smaller than the one I bought at the supermarket. It should be size M. The packaging was different from the one in the product introduction. It was the new version, I guess.
Three stars are for blaming myself for not looking at the specifications of the product clearly. I have no problem with you selling me the M-size e-commerce version. What do the “incorrect version” mean?
The tricks of e-commerce are too deep, so I still go to the supermarket to buy them.
It's just purple sauce.
I don't like the taste.
The kid doesn’t like the taste of toothpaste, and always says it’s spicy. Maybe there’s a more appropriate word to describe it, but for now, that’s all the kid has.
I bought it when I was organizing the event, and it was very cheap, so I am sorry to give it a bad review; it is a four-star product, but I won’t buy it again.
It's genuine, and the packaging is good.
The packaging is complete, and an inflatable bag is added. There are no online reviews, and there is only a picture of a product.
The plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle was just like the one described in the picture, and the delivery was also very fast, arriving the next day.
It is genuine, but it is out of stock and I don’t know when it will be back in stock.
A bad shopping experience
I placed an order on Black Friday, but I waited for a long time and the package was already signed for, but my colleagues said they didn’t sign for it; I immediately contacted the courier company, but they said they could only initiate an inquiry after the recipient signed for it; I contacted the Amazon customer service, and I had to wait for more than ten days; finally, I found out that the courier was delivered to the wrong person, and it took several rounds of communication before I finally got the courier back; the outer package was already opened, but the goods were still complete, but I don’t know if they were used; in short, it was a bad experience.
Wrong photo
I thought I could get the earphone in picture 1, but I got the one in picture 2. It doesn’t matter that the pictures are inconsistent; what does it mean that the left and right earphones have different volume levels?
Although the names are the same, we still hope that everyone can pay attention and we also hope that the responsible person of Amazon will replace the correct picture in a timely manner. Thank you very much.
The operating system is generally good.
It took a while, but the overall picture is still good, and I don’t feel any difference. However, this system is confusing, and the boot time is obviously slow. It is also impossible to make good settings. The software that comes with it is not worth commenting on. The response speed is just average, and it is not even on the same level as my colleague’s.
I read the comments that said the design was very humanized, but I didn’t find it humanized. The location of the remote control’s commonly used up, down, left, and right buttons and the back button is really not to be praised.
So, you can use it as a TV, and add a TV box, for example.
The price cut is too severe.
The price drop is too big, from over 100 to 99 now!
I had a lot of unrated orders on Amazon, so I used a copied comment as the rating content.
If I use this sentence to evaluate, it means that this product is at least 85 points.
I would never be lazy to copy and paste the reviews of a poor product, so that other consumers can use it as a reference when making a purchase, and the seller can improve the quality of the product.
Cheap and good wires, that's enough!
This is a very cheap cable, but it should meet the HDMI certification standard. I compared it with the crap products from Akihabara in China (the price is doubled); the cable is thick and soft; it transmits 7 meters without noise; from now on, I will choose Bisi for cheap cables!
The products are okay, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites.
After placing the order, I found out that I made a mistake, but I couldn’t cancel the order. The webpage for contacting online customer service always shows an error link, and I couldn’t contact them.
After the delivery person called me, I said I didn’t want it, and I wanted to cancel the order, but it didn’t work, and the delivery person took it back, and said to sign for it first, and then I could apply for a refund.
The customer service representative informed me that the food items could not be returned once they were signed for, and I couldn’t call Amazon customer service because they said the same thing: the food items could not be returned once they were signed for.
I have bought items that cannot be returned due to policy at JD and Sunning, including milk and diapers, and I have contacted customer service to return them, and JD’s diapers smell too much when opened, but I can’t return them on Amazon.
The rules are dead, people are alive, so how should we contact your customer service?
Tell me to either pick it up myself or let the delivery person buy it, it's not easy for the delivery person to come, why should I make the delivery person spend money to buy something that I didn't buy myself?
Okay, I won't back out either. I'll take it myself, but I have to give your service a 1
I advise you not to waste your money.
First, I was full of expectations and thought that the products of the Dali brand should not be bad; after receiving it, I thought the packaging was still good; the size was not bad; but there was one box that was basically soft; it was not obvious from the appearance; you need to feel it; when you put it in your mouth, there was no taste at all; it was tasteless; when you bite it, the fruit and the skin are dark yellow, which means it is bad; it is cheap to sell bad products; only about one third of them are edible; I advise you not to buy it; it is not cheap; the quality is too bad!
After this experience, I will never buy fruit from an e-commerce platform again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting mark on the product?
The corner of the bottle is deeply concave, which should be caused by a strong impact. Judging from the outer packaging bag, the degree of destruction is heartbreaking; after all, the packaging of food is too simple, and it is also an international purchase; there is no obvious anti-counterfeiting mark, and it is very easy to open the bottle; the most important thing is that the honey inside the lid is directly blown out; there is almost no adhesion, is this the case with foreign products?
I was born in China, so I don't understand it.
It must be the real thing, right?
There was also a message saying that it would be delivered on the 21st, but I received it on the 14th. This is my first time shopping overseas here, and I just wrote down my doubts. Maybe it’s all normal?
Delivery service needs improvement
I bought 5 vouchers in total. When I made the first reservation, I reserved 3 vouchers for withdrawal, but only 2 were sent to me. After communicating with the company, I was told that it was a delivery error and that they would send the missing vouchers. The second time I made a reservation, it was a holiday, and the website and WeChat did not remind me to make a reservation on a working day, which caused unnecessary panic. I suggest that they improve this in the future.
Great shopping
The food is good!
I still believe in Amazon’s self-sold products more, and now it’s very convenient to buy from overseas. It takes only a few days to ship back from abroad, and I have to say that Amazon’s ability to clear customs for overseas purchases in China is very strong; it’s much faster than going through transit, so now I buy many things from overseas.
I hope the quality and price of domestic goods can be better. Many things are made in China, but it is cheaper to buy them back after going out and buying them. I hope this can be improved.
Garbage
When you see a package like this, do you think it is garbage on the side of the road?
A plastic packaging that is easily broken, and it comes from so-called Germany in a plastic bag, is this kind of packaging responsible?
I think such packaging is like packaging for rubbish. The product is packaged in a very simple way, with no measures to prevent damage, just a simple plastic bag. When I received it, the package was completely deformed, and the items inside were also damaged.
If I just bumped into one of these, I bought a few of them, and then contacted Amazon customer service, the customer service said that it could be returned, but the shipping fee would be prepaid, and then the shipping fee would be returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I asked if I paid the shipping fee with cash and you gave me a gift card, it would be better if you just told me to buy your gift card, and I have to ship the product to your warehouse in Germany, isn’t it a punishment to buy a product?
I kept telling the customer service that it was their responsibility for the problem, but they didn’t even say it was their responsibility, and they didn’t dare to take responsibility even a little bit. What kind of after-sales service is this? One word: screwed! But I guess Amazon won’t give me a chance to publish this review, and they will directly delete it!
Quality is good, 5 stars, but the logistics is bad
1, the quality is good, the price is cheap, and it is worth the price.
2, solid, enough material, welding point firm, surface treatment is good, color is beautiful.
3, logistics is a hard problem, the order placed on the 3rd arrived on the 11th.
If Amazon had listed a February 7 arrival date, I might have been satisfied.
5, but if it is marked with the expected delivery time, it is equivalent to a promise to the user, and it is difficult for the user to accept when the promise cannot be fulfilled.
6. If you are not sure that you can keep your promise, don’t make it.
7, in fact, I care a lot about the commitment made by the merchants.
8. That's why I got a low score.
The gold wire will turn black.
The effect is there, but whether it is obvious or not depends on the individual, or the psychological effect.
There is one thing that is not good, which is the gold wire. Originally, it was designed to be beautiful, but in fact, the gold wire will fall off color, and if you pick it up and touch it, you will find some gold powder on your hand and the car.
I hope the product can be improved.
The square ones don’t have any decorative effect, so don’t bother with gold wires; they’ll just fall off and make a mess on your car.
The items are in good condition, the speed is okay, and they are packaged in two different packages.
It took 8 days, but it was split into two parcels; the packaging was different, and it was obvious that one was better protected than the other. It was wrapped in thick cardboard and covered with layers of plastic. The outer packaging was easy to remove, and it looked like a domestic delivery box. A few airbags were included, but it felt like a bit of a cop-out.
Yarran mattress is really good.
The mattress is not as thick as usual, and you don't have to sleep directly on the mattress.
The quality is good, both the front and back are soft, sleeping on it is very comfortable, and I fell asleep very quickly.
After receiving the mattress, there were some stains due to violent transportation by the courier. Yilan customer service was responsible and efficient in solving the problem.
Not self-branded products, Amazon is shameless.
The page clearly indicates self-sale, but in fact, it is delivered by the supplier, and the after-sales service is responsible for the supplier, and if there is a problem, you can contact the supplier.
If you want to cancel the order, sorry, the order information has been transmitted to the supplier, and it cannot be canceled; if you want to return or exchange the goods, you have successfully applied for return or exchange on Amazon, sorry, no one can help you, and you need to contact the supplier yourself to return the goods.
This is a self-produced product of Nima.
The product is not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon will not bear the after-sales service; the customer service said “I will contact the supplier for you”, and even claimed that it is self-owned, which is too shameless; it is naked and faces the consumer; it is naked and fraudulent!
The experience of being sad
The filter cartridges I bought from other websites worked well, and I didn’t have any limescale even after 28 days.
I always bought good quality products from Amazon, so I thought I’d try buying them here. This was the first time I bought a filter on Amazon, and I didn’t feel good about it. Not only did it start to have water stains early on, but the filter was always covered in small black carbon powder by the 28th day. I didn’t know whether to continue using it or just throw it away. It was really frustrating.
Not as good as you'd think.
Compared with the wiring boards I have used before, the external workmanship is general, and I hope the internal workmanship is good after I open it up; in terms of convenience of use, whether each independent unit is powered is lacking display
The packaging was damaged, and I will wait for some time to test the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is damaged severely, and the packaging box inside seems to be new, but the manual does not seem to be new; the house was renovated in September, and the products were stored; I hope they will not be bad; please explain to me why several customers mentioned that the packaging was damaged, but you were not affected; thank you!
Overall good, a little problem
I bought a water filter for the first time, and after reading several reviews, I chose LAICA because it was considered to be cost-effective. After receiving the goods, I installed the filter according to the manual, and after using it for a while, I found that the filtered water and the original water mixed at the mouth of the water filter (the seal of the original water tank was not tight).
When using it, you must wait for all the water to be filtered out before pouring it out!
Image is incomplete
The picture didn’t capture the details of the side, and the details of the side didn’t match the style of the main body, and there was a big difference; this is one; this bead is made in Thailand, but it doesn’t indicate the place of origin; it doesn’t indicate the material; this is three; when I bought it in the UK, each item had its own box, but here there is only a simple plastic bag, and there is no product mark on the bead, so how can I judge whether it is genuine or fake.
Be careful when buying, especially if you are buying from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service is terrible.
I placed an order two days ago, and I found that the price was reduced by 40 yuan today. I spent a lot of time looking for customer service, and the customer service said that they couldn’t refund the price difference, but I could place a new order and return the product.
This kind of customer experience and service is really different from Taobao.
Good, for a beginner, it's worth trying
It looks good, and it’s not as bad as the top-grade diamond. I’ve seen the price at the mall before, it’s several hundred yuan. This is the first time I’ve played with a diamond, and it’s okay.
It's good.
The items are really good. I sent it to my girlfriend. However, it was a little unpleasant when the courier didn’t deliver it during the noon when I was not at home. The courier company directly put the parcel in the storage of the courier company and didn’t send me a confirmation message to pick it up. I had to go there twice.
But the baby is really good.
Worth buying
The little monkey is cute, and the discounts on Amazon are really big. Zhoushengsheng’s official website directly ships the products, and I received them this afternoon after placing the order last night, which is really fast.
The postal and delivery personnel are also responsible.
Great!
A customer's confession
1 I received this substandard product, and Amazon customer service told me not to worry, we will contact you in 54 hours.
2 Then in the middle you contact the customer service, they will tell you that this problem will be handled by a specialist, and he will inform you of the result.
You can never get in touch with this commissioner, you don't know her work number, and there is no direct line, so you can't get in touch with her, only she can get in touch with you.
Tragically, after nearly three days, the commissioner contacted me and I left my phone and didn't get the commissioner's call.
I waited for two hours for the specialist’s call, during which I contacted Amazon customer service and sent an email to the specialist to call me back.
It has been nearly 3 days, and I still don’t know what Amazon will do with this coffee machine that is a piece of junk!
There is no problem with the products of Amazon in the US. This kind of shopping method is good, but the service of Meiyou is far worse.
6 for me, I can only continue to wait...
The bottom is not flat.
Because the review said it was good, and I was very much looking forward to this pot. I was very happy with it when I got it, it was lightweight, but when I opened it, I found a problem, the bottom of the pot was not flat, but raised in the middle and sunken around it, and the oil ran to the edges, so I bought a big piece of meat to fry, but the oil couldn’t cover the central area, and I was disappointed, I couldn’t even open the pot, and I guess this structure can’t be used to cook normally.
I don't know if I was just unlucky, but I got a pot with a bottom that was not flat, and fortunately Amazon provides a one-month return policy, so I decided to return it.
I cleaned the pot and put it away, and I wasted half a day.
Good product design needs matching manufacturing processes to achieve it.
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The shape of the cube is designed with a slight arc on the top.
It should have been a very fluid line.
Unfortunately, the final effect was not achieved.
Because there are two parts at the top, the front is the control panel and the back is the water tank cover.
The curvature of the top cover and the control panel were not consistent, resulting in a height difference of up to 2mm after assembly.
Although it looks like a very small gap.
But it can be said to have destroyed the entire design.
I feel a bit sorry for the product designer.
It seems that Midea’s product managers are not capable of creating products of such a high standard.
(Of course, I can’t expect too much from the after-sales lady, but when I heard her say that all the individual products were like this, and it wasn’t just the one I bought that had problems, her disbelief and guilty mood made me realize that I can’t expect too much from beauty products either)
It's a good deal after the discount, but it's sad to see fake discounts on Amazon
It is very heat-insulating and can be purchased one week after the baby is born.
You can't feel any heat from the outside of the pot, which means it won't burn you and is also effective at keeping the temperature inside.
The air conditioning in the room still kept the temperature high after a whole night.
Amazon said that the 320th anniversary was a big discount, but later found that everyone had 249, 289, 299, and I felt cheated at once, but I went to the supermarket and compared it with various brands at the same price, and it was still cheaper, so I can bring it with me when I go out in the future.
Vitamix 6300
I had been waiting for a long time, and when I saw that Meituan 6300 was on sale and that Caiyao Overseas Purchase was the same price, I quickly placed an order.
I placed an order on September 2 and it was expected to arrive on September 21. However, it arrived on September 12, which was about 10 days earlier than expected. The speed is really fast!
The packaging is small, and it comes in the original packaging of Vitamix; Amazon doesn’t mind if it gets damaged during shipping across the ocean!
The machine looks new and comes with all the accessories. The only problem is that the cup shakes on the base when you move it, and I’m afraid that the cup will fly out when I turn it on!
I asked a friend who has 5200, and it seems to be less tight than mine.
The recipes that came with it were in English, which was quite tiring to read, and I couldn’t find a Chinese version online, which was a pain!
I bought an inverter as soon as I received the goods, and it should arrive in 3 days. I’ll get to work on it then!
It was too small, had no umbrella cover, and the material was not very good.
It's not even a large size!
The second Totes: 1. It doesn’t have a cover; 2. The material of the handle is average; 3. It says Large, but it’s actually a convenient umbrella for one person; two people probably won’t be able to use it.
On the contrary, the one I bought from Meituan can be used by three people without any pressure.
I'm not feeling well.
First of all, the box is not very sturdy, it deformed after a few taps, secondly, the design on the back does not prevent the ABS scratches on the box surface when laid flat, and thirdly, the box is just a piece of cloth wrapped around a hanger, and the hanger is exposed... and so on, I have many complaints, and finally, the strap is not very smooth.
PS: The wheel feels pretty good.
It can also be
Pros: This shoulder bag is quite elegant and looks durable.
Disadvantages: the QR code on the card cannot be scanned (what the hell is going on?), the 15.6-inch laptop cannot be put in (can it be a little longer?), and the double shoulder bag can be locked with the lock, but the seller did not prepare a lock for the buyer, which is not customer-oriented.
Overall, it's okay, I don't know if it's genuine leather
The overall feeling is okay, but I don’t know if it’s genuine leather, so I can’t make a judgment.
It can hold A4-sized documents, and has held 80-page thick, box-shaped objects (not deformable).
The package is soft, and the inner bag is divided in a humanized way, which is pretty good.
There is a small pit on the bottom of the one I got, I don’t know if it’s because my character is not good or what.
I was too lazy to go back and forth to exchange the goods, so I endured it.
Overall, it is worth four stars.
ForRoyal, the world's most popular camera strap, DSLR strap
The strap is designed scientifically, it is worn on both shoulders, practical, and the camera is fixed and protected in front of the chest with soft materials, unlike other quick-shooters that use screws to fix the bottom of the camera and hurt the camera when taking it off.
Garbage after-sales service
I bought a guitar a month and a half ago, and it’s missing a part. After I notified Amazon, they gave me a customer service phone number. After multiple communications, the part still hasn’t arrived. What kind of efficiency is this?
It is estimated that after-sales service will be more troublesome if there is a problem, so I hope that friends who are good at after-sales service will take a detour; it is too troublesome!
It has some minor flaws, but the sound is good.
The soundboard has a defect, it lacks a corner, it feels like a substandard product, and there are no gifts, but at this price it is already good, and the sound of the guitar is also good.
Okay, first bill.
It took a long time to use, but the overall performance was good except for the low frequency.
The workmanship is not as perfect as I imagined.
The first time I bought it, the product had problems, all the lights were flashing and it was not usable.
I asked for a replacement, but it took three days for the goods to arrive in Shanghai and they still haven’t been delivered.
I also called the delivery person, but they didn't answer.
The courier company said that they only had that contact information.
Amazon can't find where to complain.
I didn't ask for it, and for no reason, they delayed the delivery according to my request - this is the message I received.
Then he went on to talk about the issue of transit.
The terrible shopping experience made me start to doubt the efficiency of Amazon's logistics and control systems.
I don't think I'll get it today.
The label is too weak to stick and is not waterproof.
Although the Bluetooth connection is convenient, the printed content is not waterproof and the surface is not covered with a film; and the labels are not sticky enough, and they are not suitable for cable labels at all; they are very easy to fall off, so friends who buy them to organize cables need to pay attention.
The pen is fine, but the packaging is too simple, just a cardboard box, with no protection measures, and the box that holds the pen is glued with a large piece of transparent tape, and the tape is still on the box after being torn off.
Treated like this for RMB600, it was a disappointing shopping experience.
But the pen is not a problem.
I hope they can improve the packaging in the future!
In terms of quality, if we talk about writing, 925-25 is better.
First, let me praise the excellent service of TNT, air shipment, super fast, and the service attitude is also good!
I have been using 925-25, which is great. I just received 925-85, and the quality is great, and the style is beautiful. I gave it four stars because the pen is a bit heavy, which is not suitable for fast writing. The pen cap shakes a bit when adjusting the length of the lead, and in my opinion, 925-25 is more comfortable to use.
So I became an Amazon loyalist.
I bought it at a super discounted price, but my child didn’t like it.
It was already opened, but I tried to apply for a refund, and they even offered to pick it up for free.
It's amazing.
We don't advocate returning products, but this is the only service of its kind in China.
I hope it won't be abused.
I bought all the books that came after that and moved my base of operations here.
The headphones have a distortion and noise
These headphones are really trash, I don't know if it's my ears or if these headphones really aren't as good as they used to be.
I bought a blue one two years ago on JD.com, and the sound quality is good, without noise or low-frequency distortion. I’ve used it for more than two years and it’s broken, so I’m planning to buy another one (UrBeats). After all, I think it’s pretty good.
I looked at the purple one and it looked nice, but when I opened it today, I felt it was not right; it was both loud and quiet.
At first, I thought it was because of the sound effect of the song, but after listening for half a day, I found that the problem was very serious. Not only was the sound distorted, but the bass effect was not as good as before, and there were some noises. Is it just me who bought this purple one that has this problem? Or is the current headphone manufacturing technology really not good?
The reviews were pretty bad, and I was disappointed.
I will definitely return it tomorrow.
PS looks good
This AV amplifier is complicated to set up, has a rough exterior, and generates a lot of heat.
I will comment on the sound after a period of time!
I just got the German version of the DN1080 on August 14. It looks poorly made.
1. The front panel and the knobs are made of plastic.
The audio input and output jacks on the back panel are of poor quality, and a CD amplifier with a price tag of 1000-2000 yuan is much better.
3. The top cover is quite thin, and it is even concave on my transformer, so I had to open the box and use my hands to restore it; the top cover and front panel are not tightly connected.
4. The center of gravity of the whole machine is biased to the transformer end, and it is very awkward to move.
It feels like a SONY entry-level machine, just like the workmanship, made in Malaysia.
I feel that Sony is much better than Little Horse when it comes to outsourcing production to China.
5. The machine is very hot, and when watching a movie with two channels for about 2 hours, the top cover is about 40-50℃ when touched by hand, and I don’t know if it is too large or the transformer is too large.
Nowadays, most people use switching power supplies, and this idiot transformer probably weighs 4 kg.
Sony should have used a passive heat sink in the machine, but all I see after opening the box is a large aluminum plate heat sink on the fan.
Xiao Gui
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a garment enterprise integrating R&D design, processing and production, marketing and trade, mainly producing men's outdoor leisure clothing, and is a young enterprise that is booming.
FANDUN JEEP garments focus on the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industry, introducing international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and building a first-class garment production line in China.
To maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and services, quality and brand, benefits and public welfare.
In terms of information construction, we strive to improve the speed and efficiency of product flow, material flow and information flow, so as to strengthen and improve the comprehensive management capabilities of enterprises, and to improve the overall modern management level of enterprises.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of “sincerity, harmony, quality, excellence”, and its products are popular among a wide range of customers.
VAN BALEN JIP clothing, because young, so confident!
We sincerely welcome customers from both at home and abroad to come and cooperate with us to create brilliant achievements!
Enterprise spirit: proactive and innovative, service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication, enterprise mission: leading the trend, establishing the brand.
I haven't opened it yet.
The battery is in use.
I really want to dissect it and see what's inside.
Later, I thought that if I was disappointed after opening it, it would be a waste of money; if I was satisfied after opening it, it would be difficult to put it back in the box and I would not like it.
Well, even if Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed explanation of the battery, ordinary people will feel dizzy.
I'm fine. I used to work in a mobile phone factory, so I'm half a battery engineer, and I can hold on, except for not knowing the circuit.
Delighted.
I really didn’t know what to expect before I bought it, but when I opened the package, I felt it was genuine!
Finally, when I touched the earphone wire, I felt it was very flexible, and the quality was so good that I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and open QQ Music.
I was shocked, the sound quality was 3D surround!
I asked in a physical store, it is about 30 yuan, but it is not a famous brand, it is a generic brand, so I think this product is worth having, even though it is 27 yuan, because it is cost-effective!
The worst online shopping experience
After placing an order on September 28, the system showed that the order had been shipped, but the goods were still not received until October 12.
I queried the status of my Amazon order, but the seller didn’t provide the tracking number, so I couldn’t find out where my order was.
So I sent an email to the seller asking if they could provide the tracking number, but I didn’t get a reply for two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service, and the customer service representative gave me the seller’s phone number. I called the seller again, and after several attempts, the call went through. I was informed that the package was lost and that a new one could be sent to me immediately.
Although I was very angry, I didn’t say much to the seller because I really needed the computer. I just asked him to send it to me as soon as possible.
So I called the next day to ask if the shipment had been sent.
The seller said it hasn't been sent yet and won't be sent until this afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon and the seller said it would be sent, and that it would be sent after 5 or 6 pm. However, when I called back at 7 pm, the phone was not answered.
The third day morning, I called again and asked if the goods had been sent out.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it was not sent, and told me to order from another store if I was in a hurry, or wait until the afternoon if I could wait.
I can't do that, I have to wait a long time to place an order from another store.
I can only ask the seller to send it quickly.
After countless phone follow-ups, I finally received the computer on October 16.
As for the quality of the computer, I don’t know, because I bought it for someone else, so I’ll add a review later.
I bought it half a year ago and used it a few times. Now it is malfunctioning. Can you repair it?
Because there is a desktop computer, I haven’t used it much since I bought it.
I only take it out of my suitcase when I'm on a business trip.
When the power was turned on recently, it did not charge. It was necessary to use your left or right hand to support the charging port and the connection for a few seconds to charge.
I suspect that the interface is not in good contact, and I don’t know if it can be repaired now?
It is strongly recommended that Amazon stop using EMS!
The product is five stars, the logistics is one star, and the average is three stars.
I don’t understand why Amazon would send EMS, which is not trustworthy in the industry; well, computers are valuable items after all!
The order after purchase showed that it was expected to be delivered on the 20th, so my family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
On the 22nd morning, the logistics arrived in Fuzhou at last. I was going to receive the package happily, but in the evening, I found out that the logistics had been signed for at noon, and I was the one who signed for it! No phone call or text message was received.
I was shocked!
Who am I? Where am I? Is this computer really mine?
I seriously doubt life!
I finally ran to a collection point to bring the computer back.
The specific reason is that the delivery person mixed up the two order numbers, but fortunately, the package was not lost, so it’s okay.
I strongly suggest that Amazon should not use EMS anymore. If Amazon uses EMS to send the parcel in the future, I will definitely not buy from them again.
The goods are not bad.
First of all, I bought it a few days ago and found that it was reduced in price, and I left a bad review. The product is still not bad, and it is cost-effective. The CPU and graphics card are enough to handle mainstream online games and a considerable number of large single-player games. The heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a little dim (a common problem with IPS screens), the sound quality is not good, and the hard drive is not good (it is recommended to spend some money to add a solid-state drive). I took the computer to the after-sales service center for hardware testing yesterday, and there were no problems. The built-in Win8.1 is not very good, and it is recommended to upgrade to 10. The seller sent the package very quickly, and the seller answered all my questions very quickly. I received the invoice the day after I received the computer. It’s good, but unfortunately there were no gifts.
(By the way, if you want to buy keyboard skins, don’t go to a place called E Cool Digital Center on Taobao; the delivery is slow, the quality is poor, and if there is any problem with the product, they won’t refund or replace it; the boss even swears a lot; I’m exposing this place specifically).
Goods and services are good, but the bureaucracy is still there
The hard drive is of very good quality and has an excellent price-performance ratio. It is cheaper than buying one in Hong Kong, and if you can wait for the delivery, I would definitely recommend buying one.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still there, and it hasn’t improved since I swore I would never use it again a few years ago. You can never find out the actual status of your shipment, and you will always receive your package in a few weeks. You can never complain, and that’s just how bureaucratic it is!
The goods have been received for several days, but the logistics information is that you will receive the goods in 10 days!
Logistics is not selfish.
It came like this, not only was the packaging crushed, but the electrical appliance packaging was open, and I don’t know if the contents were tampered with.
FYI
I have always trusted Philips, and I hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
I searched online, and it seems that this is a common problem with this model, and it is not covered by the warranty.
I'm so sad!
Now wrap it in cling film and continue to use it, but for how long?
Bought someone else's opened up one.
The tax of more than 100 for a machine costing more than 300 is indeed high, and now I feel more at ease with the price of more than 600.
When I received it, the seal looked like it had been opened, like it had been opened, so I took a photo first, and sure enough, it was opened when I tore it; the paper board inside was damaged, and I was worried that it was returned by someone else; before the anniversary, I tried it out on my husband first, but the machine didn’t turn on at all; luckily, there was no garbage in the blade, or I would have to return it from a long distance!
It is not known whether it is good to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term; as the previous review, the things sent out when there is a shortage are not reliable!
Experience is slightly above average.
It's pretty much top of the line electric toothbrush, with a lot of different brushing modes, but not many people change modes every day.
I used it for half a year without any problems. I brushed it every day, and I charged it once every 1.5 weeks.
The brush head accessories are also cheap on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use, except for changing the color, the other issues that seem to be compatible are the cause of the overseas version?
Those who want to learn the Great Law.
Very good value for money
I have used it 3-4 times.
1. The packaging is in good condition.
2. It is very simple to use and easy to clean.
3. You can do your own hair styling, which saves money.
Overall, a very successful purchase.
Fake goods
I bought two packs last time, and it turned out that they were two different versions. The words in the lower left corner of the packaging were green, but one of them was not, and the words were white. The cat got sick after eating it.
I am not sure whether the goods from Amazon are fake or whether the employees lost the package when they shipped it.
I will buy it again, and if it is still a fake, I will find the relevant person in charge to hold you accountable.
It's a crossbar!
The product was shown with a slash on Amazon, but it was sent to me with a horizontal line. Isn’t this cheating?
The effect is okay.
The most important thing is that the cat likes to eat.
It really works.
Tight, narrow, and with a lot of pressure on the ankles and the back of the feet.
Not recommended.
1. UN is Clarks’ most comfortable series, but unfortunately this one is too bad.
Additional: Today, I compared the UN series footrest (I kept the footrest when I threw away the shoes), and the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before, it is just fake soft.
2. My heels are not very high, and the point of impact is about 3 cm forward from the highest point of my heels.
3. I bought three pairs of Clarks shoes from overseas, but only one pair fits.
I was so scared that I deleted all the songs in my playlist.
Try rockport again, if it doesn't work, you can only go to ecco's physical store.
Second-rate goods are being sold as first-rate goods, and quality control is poor
First of all, it is worth mentioning that Prime Sea-overseas purchase is very powerful, and the order I placed on the 31st was delivered on the 6th.
The shoes are much more beautiful than the picture, and the texture is good.
The shoe size is slightly larger, 25 is 10.5 wide and 7.5 deep, and it is a little loose when worn, but I usually like to wear slightly loose shoes, and I put in a pair of insoles, which is just right.
Secondly, the shoes are really not worth praising. One of the soles had a damaged adhesive, while the other had various scratches and pinholes, and the adhesive strip was misaligned at the connection between the upper and the sole, which was blatantly substandard!
I regret it a little!
You can buy Arthus for 280 yuan, which is a pretty good deal for this price; of course, there are even lower prices if you look at the comments.
Now let's talk about the shoes. The pros: the shoes are light, running in them is comfortable, and they fit well and won't fall apart.
It looks good but the flaws are obvious: I usually wear a size 40, but I bought a 40.5 this time, and there is about the width of a thumb at the front of the shoe when I put it on, but that doesn’t matter.
These shoes are very "narrow," although there is still some distance in front, but it feels tight.
There is one more thing, the shoes are not breathable, and I feel like my feet are hot.
Heel pad
First, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are standard, size 7.5 for running shoes, size 41.5 for casual shoes, and I have bought a few pairs of shoes from Amazon’s Aibee, and they have never been uncomfortable to wear; however, I bought this pair according to the reviews, size 7, and it was obviously too big for me, and the length was longer than usual; however, because the insole was too thick, it was still uncomfortable to wear, and it was also too hard to wear; in addition, the shoes were too hard, which made it very uncomfortable to wear.
If your feet are not particularly thin, I do not recommend buying this one.
If you must buy it, you can replace the insoles, but the original insoles look very high-end, so it’s a shame.
A very perfect shopping!
I am very satisfied and very happy with Amazon Global Sourcing, which is undoubtedly genuine; the quality is also very good, and the price is reasonable; it is safe to buy, and the after-sales service is thoughtful; the customer service is very friendly and polite; the problem is solved patiently and efficiently; it perfectly solves the after-sale worries; the delivery is very convenient and reliable; the delivery person is very thoughtful for customers; he will remind customers to take the goods from the delivery box in time; thank you, Amazon, for providing such a comfortable shopping experience for customers.
In short, we all like to shop on Amazon Global!
Absolutely bad review!
It is really ridiculous for this agency and Amazon.
In the future, you should be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon.
Although it has been a long time, I still have to come and complain.
I bought it on sale in the winter for less than 200 yuan, and I haven’t used it in a few months.
I found that it couldn't connect with the watch when I needed it in spring; both manuals said that they supported each other. Later, I found that it was a problem with the heart rate strap because I tried to connect it with other devices, but it still couldn't connect.
I called Amazon and asked them to contact the agent, who told me to pay for the device to be sent to Shanghai for testing.
After almost half a month, the items were sent back to me in their original condition, even the delivery box was the one I used to send them!
No response, no acknowledgement, no test report!
You should have told me whether it was good or bad!
I called to ask, and they said that sending it back like this means that the device is fine, which is good.
But I still can't connect, and the agency replies: It's not their problem.
I'm unlucky, I don't want to be bothered by you for a 200 yuan item.
There is a serious mismatch between supply and demand.
It's a case of the wrong product at the wrong time.
The headband material is good.
It's much better than Nike.
It is also breathable.
Just the hat.
Very fine.
Are you here to make fun of me?!
It completely blocks the sun.
I didn't return it because the headband worked well.
It was worn on the head and did not block the sun.
But it is different from other headband styles.
Save it for later.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks contract spirit, and the delivery person is good.
I require delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's rules do not allow for deliveries on Saturdays or Sundays.
I was so angry that I drove 200 kilometers from the countryside to pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you more?
The delivery person was very active and enthusiastic.
Give it a thumbs up!
The goods, I tried them out and they are good.
But I have never bought similar products before, so I can’t compare the prices!
Size and logistics
The workmanship is good, but the logistics are too slow. Previously, all the shoes were delivered by DHL. This time, Apex is... I have bought a lot of UA in China, and the price is not low. I feel that the quality is higher than NIKE and ADIDAS?
They are all the same, so I shopped online.
Size: I am 176cm tall and weigh 68kg. My shoulders are 180cm wide, and I bought an M. The hem is slightly long. Everything else fits me just right. I see that there are recommendations for S. Are you really that thin? Or do you prefer a tight fit? I think the capes are a bit loose.
Just the right size.
Chest size: 99, height: 184, weight: 84 kg, before purchasing, I consulted the customer service and was told that I should buy XL, and then I saw the comments and decided to buy L, and after receiving the package, I found that the size was just right, and I almost got cheated.
The price of Double 11 is much higher than that of Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The problem with cheap goods is that they are troublesome!
The package arrived on the 25th, 18 days after the order was placed, the speed of snails from Guangzhou to Beijing!
I bought the Z affordable goods, and the description said there were scratches, but when I received the goods, I found that 4 screws and screws were missing!
The child didn’t want to return the item, thinking it wasn’t a big deal, but the accessory is a small part, and the child’s grandpa couldn’t find it in any of the hardware stores nearby!
Finally, Grandpa pasted it on!
It seems that I can’t buy Z real bargains anymore!
The toy is of poor quality.
Most of the screw holes were not aligned, and it was difficult to screw on the screws, indicating poor processing quality. It was not clear how long it could be used, but since it was a promise to the child, it could not be returned.
Other reviews say it was easy to install, so is it just my one that has a problem?
It's pretty average.
Is it just bad luck?
The packaging is old and unusable; the workmanship is very poor; there is only one type of music, and it is only 8 seconds long and then repeats; the action is just nodding your head and walking forward, with no changes.
Not worth the price.
If you need it urgently, you can't return it.
The toy is of good quality, but I have to complain about the packaging.
I received the parcel delivered by EMS yesterday, which was bought from Amazon. It was finally delivered by the courier of Tmall. How many bends did it take? Is the relationship between Amazon and Tmall good?
As for the packaging, it was wrapped in several layers of cling film, and there was no plastic packaging foam inside. When I opened it, all the parts were in an empty box. Fortunately, the toy quality was good, and there were no broken parts. However, it was much smaller than I had imagined. Because it was not battery-operated, it often derailed when pushed by hand. I felt that the gap between the rails was too large, and the design was unreasonable.
Good quality, fun
It’s fun to play with, the components are very precise, the workmanship is exquisite, and the quality is almost the same as Lego. The price is very cheap when we hold activities.
The process of assembling it was fun, and my 5-year-old son came to play with me, which was great.
He laughed and laughed while playing with it, and he said he would probably continue to buy toys of this brand.
The laptop is new and the shopping from overseas is good
I watched it on Christmas Day, and it was 150 yuan more expensive than before, but it’s been shipped out slowly.
The machines are pretty good, they are all new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then, if you connect the spirit balls, you will receive a fantasy.
It’s fun to play, and it’s more portable than the PS4.
I have already bought Zelda, and I will try it again after playing it.
Produce bad products, sell bad products, and as a result, provide bad services. I bought six watches for my children, and one of the digital displays was not complete, and the time of all six watches was inconsistent, ranging from 10 to 15 hours apart.
I contacted the manufacturer and asked if there was a verification time when the watch was put into the warehouse. They replied “yes”, if there was, then why was the time difference so large? It was definitely a fake product, not a difficult thing to say. Look, there were obvious quality problems (incomplete digital display), and they were all sold. Isn’t it a piece of junk.
I contacted the seller, and the seller gave me a lot of reasons, and also complained that I shouldn’t have bought their products in the first place, products like this, sellers like this, and after-sales service like this, who would dare to buy anything on Amazon in the future.
In short, I suggest not to buy anything from this seller, and even if you buy it, it will be rubbish.
Amazon shipping problems
After receiving the goods, we found that:
1. The table packaging is severely damaged.
2. The table instructions have serious wrinkles.
3. The clock does not work, the desk lamp cannot be charged and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only ship it to the US at your own expense, and you will be reimbursed for the shipping fee.
5. The reason for 2 points is that the customer service is still good.
It's just barely acceptable.
The time is not very accurate, about a second a day, and it has been almost two and a half months since I started using it.
I used a Seatown one before, and I think it won’t be off by a few seconds in a year or two.
The calendar function is pretty good, but the stopwatch function is a bit useless, and you will accidentally enter the stopwatch mode from time to time.
Solar-powered watch
Advantages: solar charging, no need to worry about replacing the battery, world time, multiple alarms and reminders at the hour.
The downside: mirrors are easy to scratch and get dusty.
Cost-effective: the domestic price is generally between 220 and 300 yuan, and the overseas price is more than 180 yuan (it takes about a week to arrive).
Very satisfied with the watch
It must be genuine. I checked it at the specialty store and the appearance of the watch is beautiful, the workmanship is exquisite, and the material is sufficient. It is also an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight. It is not something that so-called mechanical watches of three or four hundred can compare with. This is a genuine product.
The watch is very accurate in terms of timing, and the error is completely within acceptable limits. The watch comes with a certificate of authenticity for the jewelry, and the 12 on the dial is indeed a real diamond. It is perfect for me to wear, and it is also very impressive as a gift.
The Benlyu table is really good.
The worst shopping experience ever.
On the evening of September 23, my wife dropped her phone, and I immediately ordered an 8P from Amazon Malaysia. The product was in stock, but it was not self-sold and there was no markup (I was secretly happy), and because it was not self-sold, the delivery was slow. The system showed that the product was expected to be delivered by September 27 at the latest.
My wife, who couldn't stand it, died of her phone addiction. The next morning at around 6:30, she asked me to think of a solution. Later, I checked JD.com and found that there were 256G products in stock that could be delivered the same day. I had to order another one immediately.
I bought a new one, and I immediately wanted to cancel my Amazon order.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it was impossible to pick up the parcel in the morning, so I called customer service at 7:00 to cancel the order, and the customer service representative replied that the order had been canceled and that I should wait for a text message to confirm.
Okay, I will wait patiently, and when I checked my phone at noon, the order was still in the unshipped status, so I immediately contacted customer service to request that the order be canceled as soon as possible, and the customer service representative replied that it had been processed.
I checked my phone at 3 pm and found that the order was still there. I had no choice but to contact customer service again to inform them that I had called three times, and asked them to cancel the order and inform the seller not to ship the goods!
The customer service contacted the seller immediately after my request, and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system and that I would have to wait until the seller was familiar with the system before the cancellation of the order could be processed.
But I clearly told the seller that I knew about it and that it would definitely not be shipped, so please rest assured.
I checked the order status on Monday and found that it had been shipped, and I was speechless.
Unable to contact the seller directly, I called customer service again.
The handling afterwards was simply ridiculous; basically, I would say one thing, and the customer service representative would then do something else.
The order is still in the status of refusal to accept delivery, and we are preparing to send it again!
Wouldn't Amazon follow up on this?
The seller’s company received the money anyway, so it didn’t matter.
In summary, we will never prepay for large items in the future; this is too much trouble.
It looks beautiful.
I had my eye on this camera for a long time, but I didn’t buy it because of some other reasons besides the price. This time, I bought it because it was eligible for free shipping.
After I bought it, there were no problems with the rest of the software, but I couldn’t connect to the software at all. My router is a TP router, and after searching online, I found that many people had this problem. I spent more than two hours changing the settings of the router, and finally, I used 360WIFI as a medium to solve the problem. In the meantime, I called Xiaomi customer service, but they didn’t have any solutions to this problem, and they directly told me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another thing worth noting is that I saw users’ comments online saying that the camera supports memory cards with a minimum of 8G, and memory cards with smaller storage capacity cannot be recognized, so please pay attention to this.
It feels good to use, and the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor, and the machine has a certain degree of heat, and if it is turned on all the time, it feels a little unacceptable.
In summary, there are many shortcomings in this product, and I hope that everyone will be careful when buying it.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought this for my first love, and we were together for almost 3 years, and he left me last year, and I still can’t get over it.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it for my first love in life, but I don’t know how much I will use it now, maybe I will throw it away!
We had been together for three years, and she left me last year. Whenever I think of her, I feel so sad that I want to leave this world. The first woman in my life, who brought me shadows and sadness for a lifetime, and I still haven’t been able to get over it.
When I bought this phone, I thought about two things at the time, that we could bear it together, but now it is unbearable, maybe life is like this, some people you never want to meet in your life, some things you never want to know, but what can you do?
Whenever I see a Samsung phone, I think of her; the pain that comes with it is unbearable. I have never spent more than 2,000 yuan on a phone, but I didn’t hesitate to buy one for her. No matter how much you love someone, it all goes away when they change their mind.
High-quality products among domestic brands
Huawei is a premium product among domestic products.
The low-key boss and the enterprise rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business environment where enterprises rely on advertising to improve their reputation!
Enterprises without strength are absolutely not able to do this, and they dare not do this!
It is precisely because of this that I chose Huawei.
I bought it more than half a year ago and it has been working well, it is very good.
I didn't give it a perfect score because once, when I was using its offline navigation, it had a location problem, and I couldn't find the reason for it. Other times, it worked fine.
Moreover, it is convenient to input the destination online, and it will automatically design the route after the search. After leaving the WiFi, it can automatically navigate offline, which is very useful, and you don’t need to use your traffic, it directly communicates with the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation, which is great!
Sony is great.
Sony's low-end phone still has a good design, and it is cheap, with a large screen and excellent battery life, which is perfect for the elderly.
Although a long time has passed, the machine still works fine.
However, since my Z2 was released, this phone has also fulfilled its mission.
