This document is in accordance with the provisions of Part 1 of GB/T 1.1-202 Guidelines for Standardization Work: Structure and Drafting Rules of Standardization Documents.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information technology “Chinese character set code for GB 18030-2005” Compared with GB 18030-2005, the main changes are as follows, except for structural adjustment and editorial changes:
Addition of the scope of application of this document (see Chapter 1),
Ten vertical punctuation marks and eight GB/I 13000 code positions corresponding to Chinese character components were changed in the double-byte coding area, and in addition to the six Chinese character components with repeated codes and nine Chinese characters with repeated codes (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB/T 13000 code positions were changed in the four-digit code area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
The appendix “Additional Chinese characters and radicals/components” has been deleted. See Appendix 0 of the 2005 version,
added a level of implementation" (see draft 9);
An informative appendix “General Standard Chinese Character Table; Code Position of the Characters to be discussed” has been added. See Appendix D.
Please note that certain content in this document may be patented. The issuing agency of this document does not assume any responsibility for identifying patents.
This document is proposed by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People’s Republic of China and is under its jurisdiction.
The status of publication of this document and its predecessors is as follows:
The first edition was published in 2000 as GB 18030-2000, and the first revision was in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 Part 2022
Information Expansion “Chinese Encoding Character Set
This document specifies the Chinese graphic characters for information technology and their hexadecimal representation in binary code.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other graphic character information.
This document applies to technical products with information processing and exchange functions of Chinese and other graphic characters, including but not limited to software products represented by input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text conversion, handwriting recognition, and so on, as well as hardware products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, electronic book readers, and learning machines.
2 Regular expression reference
The contents of the following documents are incorporated by reference into this document and form an integral part of this document.
Among them, the reference document with date is applicable to this document only for the version corresponding to the date; the reference document without date is applicable to this document for the latest version (including all the change orders).
GB/T 2312-1980 “Character set for Han characters used for information exchange” Basic set
GB/I 11383-1989 Information processing “Eight-bit code structure and coding rules for information exchange”
GB/T 13000 General Multibyte Coded Character Set (UCS)
3 Terms and Definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character
An element in a collection of elements that is used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Characters (3.1) and their encoding.
3.3 User defined area private use area
Users of products that comply with this document can set the region themselves.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A set of characters specified by a character repertoire (3.2).
3.5 Protected zone reserved zone
Leave for future generations the areas specified in this document.
GB 18030 Part 2022
4-character phrase
4.1 Overview
The characters included in this document are encoded as single-byte, double-byte, or four-byte characters.
The single-byte part includes all 128 characters from 0x00 to 0x7F in GB/T 11383-1989.
4.3 Double byte part
The double-byte part includes all the graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000 and some graphic characters.
The characters in the double-byte portion are as specified in Appendix A.
Among them, the graphic, code position and function of the descriptive symbol shall conform to the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is the unified code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract shapes are given separate code positions; Chinese characters with the same abstract shapes but different sources are given shared code positions.
The encoded Chinese characters are called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Four-character part
The four-byte part includes 66 CJK unified characters in GB/T 13000 (9FA6 one 9FEF, excluding 8 characters 9FB4~9FBB), CJK unified character expansion A, CJK unified character expansion B, CJK unified character expansion C, CJK unified character expansion D, CJK unified character expansion E, CJK unified character expansion F and characters of minority languages that have been coded in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the fourth octet shall be as specified in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the text, all numbers prefixed with 0x are in hexadecimal, and those without the 0x prefix are in decimal.
All hexadecimal codes in the appendix are represented in hexadecimal, and all other numbers are represented in decimal.
The single-byte part adopts the coding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using the code bits of 0x00~0x7F.
The Shuangzi Gong part uses two 8-bit binary strings to represent one character, and the code positions of the first byte are from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the code positions of the last byte are 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE.
The four-byte part uses 0x30 and 0x39, which are not used in GB/T 11383-1989, as the suffix for the expansion of the double-byte code, and the encoding range is 0x81308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The encoding range of the first character of the four-character word is 0x81 to 0xFE; the encoding range of the second character is 0x30 to 0x39; the encoding range of the third character is 0x81 to 0xFE; the encoding range of the fourth character is 0x30 to 0x39. That is: 0x81308130 to 0x81308139; 0x81308230 to 0x81308239; 0x8130FEFE30 to 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 to 0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c “0URo23061393 0xFE39FE30 to 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code position range allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
Arrangement of 6 characters
6.1 Single-character brush to rearrange the order of characters
The single-character record part arranges the characters according to the order of the corresponding characters in GB/T 11383-1989.
6.2 Arrangement of the characters of the word "double"
The arrangement of the characters in the lower part of the double-letter code shall conform to Appendix A.
6.3 Arrangement of the characters to be brushed in the four-character brush part
From 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, there are 50400 bits, which correspond to all the characters of GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane that are not included in the double-byte part, and are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters of GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1058400 bits are used to correspond to 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, and the arrangement of characters is arranged in sequence according to the corresponding bit sequence of 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000.
The order of the characters in the four-character sub-unit shall conform to Appendix C.
7 Allocation of code positions
1. Allocation of code positions in the single-word city
The code positions of the single-byte part are allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
The allocation of single-byte code bits is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code position allocation of the double-letter part
The code position arrangement of the double byte part is divided into 0x8140~ 0x817F, 0x8180~ 0x81BF, 0x81C0~ 0x81DF, 0x81E0~ 0x81FF, 0x8200~ 0x823F, 0x8240~ 0x827F, 0x8280~ 0x82BF, 0x82C0~ 0x82DF, 0x82E0~ 0x82FF, 0x8300~ 0x833F, 0x8340~ 0x837F, 0x8380~ 0x83BF, 0x83C0~ 0x83DF, 0x83E0~ 0x83FF, 0x8400~ 0x843F, 0x8440~ 0x847F, 0x8480~ 0x84BF, 0x84C0~ 0x84DF, 0x84E0~ 0x84FF, 0x8500~ 0x853F, 0x8540~ 0x857F, 0x8580~ 0x85BF, 0x85C0~ 0x85DF, 0x85E0~ 0x85FF, 0x8600~ 0x863F, 0x8640~ 0x867F, 0x8680~ 0x86BF, 0x86C0~ 0x86DF, 0x86E0~ 0x86FF, 0x8700~ 0x873F, 0x8740~ 0x877F, 0x8780~ 0x87BF, 0x87C0~ 0x87DF, 0x87E0~ 0x87FF, 0x8800~ 0x883F, 0x8840~ 0x887F, 0x8880~ 0x88BF, 0x88C0~ 0x88DF, 0x88E0~ 0x88FF, 0x8900~ 0x893F, 0x8940~ 0x897F, 0x8980~ 0x89BF, 0x89C0~ 0x89DF, 0x89E0~ 0x89FF, 0x8A00~ 0x8A3F, 0x8A40~ 0x8A7F, 0x8A80~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x8A90~ 0x8ABF, 0x
The allocation of the two-byte code positions is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 bits
Double byte 1 area: 846 bits
SS WA and RS Ningde District 3, 6080 code position
First byte 0xA8~0xA9 Second byte 5 area: 192 code bits
3. Structure diagram of the coding space of the double-word vegetable part
Table 2 Code position arrangement of the double syllable
Human-readable position range
Code position allocation of the four-character brush part
The four-character section includes Chinese characters and some minority languages.
The allocation of the four-bit node code is shown in Table 3.
The allocation of the four-byte person code positions not specified in Table 3 is shown in 6.3.
Table 3 Code position arrangement of the four-character phonetic part
Code position range
Table 3 Code position arrangement of the fourth byte (continued)
Code position Code position range Number of code characters
From 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39, a total of 25200 bits are user-defined area.
The other four byte codes are reserved, and the symbol is used for future file extensions.
Explanation of some characters and codes
Compared with GB 18030-2005, the shape of some characters and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General
This document defines three implementation levels.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the scope of the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Achieve Tier 1
Achieve Level 1 The single-byte encoded part, the double-byte encoded part, and the four-byte encoded part of the CJK Unified Character (i.e., 0x82358F33 and 0x82359636) and CJK Unified Character Extension A (i.e., 0x8139EE39 and 0x82358738) in this document.
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements for achievement level 1.
Note: According to the software application requirements, Level 1 can also choose any one or more non-Chinese scripts listed in Table 3 of the Appendix.
9.3 Achieve Tier 2
Implementation level 2 includes implementation level 1.
In addition, level 2 also includes the characters that are not included in the level 1 characters in the General Standard Character Table.
The code position and character shape of the Chinese characters collected in the General Standard Chinese Character Table are shown in the appendix below.
The system software and supporting software shall meet the requirements of level 2.
Note: System software and utility software include but are not limited to operating systems, database management systems, and middleware (for information on software product classification, see GB/T 36475).
9.4 Achieve Tier 3
Implementing level 3 includes implementing level 2.
In addition, level 3 also requires the use of all kanji characters specified in this document and the kana syllabaries in Table 3.
The products used for government affairs services and public services shall meet the requirements of level 3.
Note: The public service and common service industries include but are not limited to railway transportation industry, road transportation industry, water transportation industry, air transportation industry, multimodal transport and transport agency industry, postal industry, currency and finance service industry, insurance industry, land management industry, health industry, national institutions, social security and so on (for information on industry classification, see GB/T 4754).
Appendix A (normative)
Bidirectional Character Table
A.1 Table of contents
This table gives the shape and code of the double-byte coded characters, and also gives the code position of the character in GB/T 13000.
A.2 Table Notes
Example is as follows:
First byte, second byte low order
Double byte 3 area
Second Byte High GBCT 13000 Code Position
Appendix B (Regulatory)
Descriptive text for ideographic characters
This appendix includes 13 ideographic description symbols specified in GB/T 13000, and their graphics, code positions and function descriptions.
See Table B.1 for details.
Table B.1 Graphical, code point, and functional descriptions of ideographic description characters
The code positions in this document are similar to but not the same as the code position function description in GB/T 13000, and are used to borrow a character to express a foreign character.
Left and right structure
Hierarchical structure
Left-center-right structure
Upper, middle, lower structure
Full enclosure structure
Return to the lower enclosure structure
Return to the envelope structure
Return right envelope structure
Return to the lower right enclosing structure
Return to the lower left enclosure structure
Return to the top right enclosure structure
Rental package structure
Appendix C (normative)
Character table of Four-Character Idioms
C.1 Table of contents
This table gives the shape and code of characters of Chinese characters and some ethnic minority scripts, and also gives the position of the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code, and the shape of other parts is omitted.
Notes to Table C.2
Appendix D (informative)
Explanation of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions
B 18030 1 2005 specified the provisional code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components in GB/T 13000, and these code positions are adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Correspondence of the adjusted codes (continued)
Corresponding document of this document and GB 18030-2005 and corresponding document of GB/T 13000 code position
D.2 Six Chinese character components deleted in the Douyin area
Table D.2 Code positions and reserved character shapes
D.3 9 CJK compatibility ideographs deleted in the double-width composition zone
This document removes the 9 CJK unified ideographs from GB/TI 13000 that are included in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 Deleted CJK compatibility ideographs and their code positions
Appendix A (informative) Code positions for characters in the General Standard Chinese Character Set
This document includes all 8105 standard Chinese characters in the “Table of 4 General Standard Chinese Character Tables” approved and issued by the State Council of the People’s Republic of China in 2013, and their code positions and shapes are shown in Table 1.
The order of the Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the regular Chinese characters in the General Standard Chinese Character Table. The Chinese characters with serial numbers 1 to 3500 are first-level Chinese characters, the Chinese characters with serial numbers 3501 to 6500 are second-level Chinese characters, and the Chinese characters with serial numbers 6501 to 8105 are third-level Chinese characters.
Table E.1 Shape and code position of characters in the General Standard Chinese Character Table
GB/T 4754 Industrial Classification of National Economic Activities
GB/T 36475 Classification of software products
General standard Chinese character table. State Council of the People’s Republic of China (Guo Fa [2013] 23).
This manual page is extracted from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler, and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain the EURo file, the Info file is the authoritative document.
If you find any discrepancies between the manual pages and the software, please check the Info
If we find that the contents of this manual page are causing significant confusion and complaints because they are out of date, we stop publishing it. There is no other option, such as updating the Info file and updating the man page at the same time, because there is no time left for us to do this in other work of maintaining Gnu cc. The GNU project considers the man page to be outdated and should be used elsewhere.
For a complete and up-to-date reference, see the Info document `gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) manual (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0), both of which are derived from the Texinfo original gee.texinfo.
Description (DESCRIPTION) The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They all process the input file with one or more of the four steps: preprocessing, Hii (compilation), MERE (assembly), and linking.
The suffix of the source file identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix controls the default settings:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C file and sets up the linking in C form,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C++ file and sets up the C++ linkage.
The source file suffix indicates the type of language and the post-processing:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compiling, assembling
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compiling, assembling
.cc C++ source code; preprocessing, compiling, assembling
. CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compiling, assembling
.m Objective-C source code; preprocessing, compiling, assembling
.i the c file after preprocessing; compile, assemble
.ii Preprocessed C++ files; compile, assemble
.s is the source program of assembly language; assembly
Compile language source program; preprocessing, compiling
.h preprocessor files; these are not normally seen on the command line, but are passed to the linker. They typically include:
.0 Object file
.a Archive file
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or the build is prevented from completing by a compile error), linking is always the last step.
During the linking phase, all the .e files corresponding to the source program, the -1 library file, and the unrecognized file names (including the specified .o H header file and .a library file) are passed to the linker options in the order specified on the command line
Options must be given separately: de ' completely different from `-d -r '.
Most `-E' and `-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
Here are the formats that are not the default options.
Here is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in later sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Specifies that the language of the input file is language (rather than the default choice inferred from the file name).
This option applies to all input files until the next `-x' option .language
Disable any explicit language indication, so the file name suffix is processed after the RE AS E ` -x' option).
If you only want to operate on a part of the four phases (preprocessing, compiling, assembling, linking), you can use the ` -x' option (or file name after Ah) to tell geo where to start, and use the `~-c'，`-s'，or `-E' option to tell geo where to end. Note that some option combinations (for example, `-x cpp-output -E') will cause gee to compile or assemble source files, and ETER. ERA ATI will be the default name of the object file. You can use the `-o' option to select other names. GCC ignores any unrecognized input after the -ec option.
The target file is ready.
Compile stops at this point, and no assembly is generated.
Using pipes instead of temporary files between different stages of the compilation process, because those systems' assemblers cannot read data from pipes; the GNU assembler does not have this problem; the assembler accepts the C "dialect": ANSI-conforming C programs.
This will disable some GNU C++ features that are not compatible with ANSI C++, as well as features such as unix and vax, which are ANSI trigraph features that are rarely used, and although the hosted environment is available, the main function returns an int value, which is typical of almost all programs except the kernel. The corresponding free-standing environment does not have a standard library, and the program entry point is not necessarily main, which is most obvious in the kernel of the operating system. For details, please refer to the latest information on the gcc website.
For function declarations with no parameters, such as `int foo ();', treat them as C-style --- that is, do not specify the number or type of parameters. (C++ only.) .
Normally, such a function foo in C++ means that the parameter is empty.
The node list is removed here in an attempt to support some aspects of the traditional C compiler.
See the NU c manual, we have removed the details, so that when the content is outdated, people will not HERI.
Except for one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing assignment to `this'.
He is like the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional C++ preprocessor.
Specifically, it mentions the preprocessor stuff above, but not the other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of the `$' character in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the `-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly disable the use of the `$' character.
(GNU C++ allows `$' by default on some target systems, but not all.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversion from ant type to enumeration (MEF c++) .
Normally, GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int, but not the other way around.
-fexternal-templates generates less code for template declarations (C++ only) by generating a copy of each template function only where they are defined.
To use this option successfully, you must mark all files that use the template with either `#pragma implementation' or `#pragma interface'.
When the program is compiled with `-fexternal-templates ', all template instantiations are external. You must put the instantiations where they are needed, in the implementation file.
You can achieve this with typedef, he quotes each instance that is needed.
Conversely, if the `-fno-exteznal-templates' option is used at compile time, all template instances are explicitly set to internal.
All member functions (except for the constructor and the mnew or delete member operators) are considered to be virtual functions of the class they are in.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal vtable.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch allows the second and third arguments of the condition expression to be of incompatible types.
The value of this expression is Void.-fthis- — is- variable allows assignment to this (C++ only).
After merging the user-defined free store management mechanism into C++, the assignable `this' is not appropriate.
Therefore, by default, assigning to this inside a member function is a no-op.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this work by using the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, like unsigned char.
Different machines have different default char types. It can be either unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, when relying on data for its symbolic nature, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned char.
However, many programs are written to use simple char, and the compiler treats this as a signed integer (or an unsigned integer, depending on the target machine).
This option, and its opposite, make the program work with the corresponding default value.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If no explicit `signed' or `unsigned' modifier is present, these options define a signed or unsigned bit-field.
By default, bitfields are signed, because the underlying integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed. However, if you specify the `-traditional' option, bitfields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in the writable data segment and does not provide special treatment.
This is to be compatible with some old programs, which is a very bad idea to change string constants, and the `-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive Summary
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
Its impact may be similar to the economic crisis in 2008
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed health care systems, causing them to collapse, and restrictions imposed by governments have caused severe disruptions to the global economy.
The impact of the epidemic on the drug market is still unclear and difficult to predict, but it may be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs because restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and basic chemicals.
Traffickers, unable to cross borders due to travel restrictions, may have to find new routes and methods.
Patterns of drug use and provision may change, and government responses may be hampered.
The changes brought by COVID-19 are unprecedented, but we can still learn some lessons from previous crises.
After the economic crisis in 2008, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances, and the pattern of use shifted to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut budgets related to drugs.
If governments respond to the current economic downturn in the same way, interventions to prevent drug use and related risk behaviours, as well as drug treatment services, could be hit hard.
In addition, interception operations and the priority given to international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
The countries with the most drug smuggling via commercial flights are expected to be the most directly affected by the drug trafficking.
Methamphetamine and other synthetic drugs are being carried in carry-on bags or hidden in personal luggage by couriers, sometimes in large quantities. With restrictions on air travel in place in nearly every corner of the globe, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs may be completely disrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, trafficking activities using the dark web and parcel post may increase.
In the long run, the economic downturn and related containment measures could disrupt the drug market.
With rising unemployment and lack of opportunities, the poor and vulnerable are more likely to turn to drug abuse in a harmful way, suffer from drug addiction, and turn to drug-related illegal activities, whether it is production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable people and recruit new members to strengthen their ranks.
As government capacity to respond declines, these shifts may take root quickly, becoming the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth model partly explains the reason for the expansion of the market
Drug abuse is increasing worldwide, both in absolute numbers and as a proportion of the world's population.
In 2009, there were an estimated 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018, there were an estimated 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3% of the population.
Over the past two decades, the growth in drug abuse in developing countries has far outpaced that in developed countries.
This reflects the difference in overall population growth during this period, 7% in developed countries and 28% in developing countries, but also reflects the rapid growth of young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug users.
In the period of 2000-2018, the population of this age group in developing countries increased by 16%, while the population of this age group in developed countries decreased by 10%.
1 Urbanization is a driving factor of the current and future drug market
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more prevalent in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to the massive movement of people from rural areas to cities. Currently, more than half of the world's population lives in urban areas, while in 1960, this proportion was 34%.
Urbanization is likely to be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, especially in developing countries where urbanization trends are more pronounced.
Wealth is associated with increased drug use, but the burden of disease is greatest among the world's poorest people, and drug use is more common in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs like cocaine are more firmly linked to the world's wealthier regions.
Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the wealthy.
But the rate of transition to drug addiction is higher among people with lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a handful of countries suggest that harmful drug use patterns are linked to low income and illness.
These patterns seem less common in the wealthier strata of society.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks of the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment rates, which have historically been associated with increases in drug use, have already forced millions of people around the world out of work.
The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to further expansion of the drug market. The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in the cultivation of illicit crops, or because the control ability of the state authorities is reduced, or because more people may have to take risks and engage in illegal activities under the economic crisis.
The related restrictions of COVID-19 have led to the reduction of air and land transportation, and the maritime trafficking may have increased as a result, with the interception risk being low at sea and the quantity of smuggling being more than that of air or land smuggling.
Recent reports have suggested that cocaine shipments are being sent directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The appearance of non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but new types of opioids with potential hazards are increasing, and the drug market is becoming increasingly complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as marijuana, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of drugs is also increasing rapidly.
There are about 500 new types of active substances in the domestic market of member states every year.
Most of them are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and a small number of opioids.
Although the total number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
In 2014, the total number of new types of psychoactive substances was only 2%, but by 2018, this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances of concern are analogues of fentanyl, which has been shown to have both therapeutic effects and harm, causing fatal overdoses in North America and elsewhere, but to a lesser extent.
In North America, fentanyl is used as an adulterant in heroin and other drugs (including cocaine and methamphetamine) and is also used to manufacture counterfeit prescription opioids.
Some evidence suggests that the injection of new psychoactive substances is also a problem in Europe: a study of discarded syringes in six European cities found many that had been used to inject new psychoactive substances that produce a high.
2 The use of new psychoactive substances may become more entrenched in vulnerable populations
A single type of new psychoactive substance has almost never formed a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalised groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with synthetic cannabinoids identified as the main challenge in most countries.
Controls on precursor chemicals have forced innovation on drug manufacturers. Many of the chemicals used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine and "ecstasy" have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and manufacturers have been looking for alternatives, not only for substances with less regulation, but also for chemicals designed specifically to evade regulation, so-called "special precursors".
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to put further pressure on drug manufacturers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this has become a reality: in March 2020, a shortage of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia reportedly led to a rise in methamphetamine prices in Mexico and the United States.
The market is changing rapidly.
Synthetic drugs replace opiates in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opiate market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The amount of opiates seized by the authorities of the Russian Federation decreased by about 80 per cent, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use decreased significantly.
But the market for doping seems to be booming.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including methoxetamine and a-pyrrolidinovalerophenone, are now widely available on the Russian drug market.
The Russian authorities reported that the number of secret processing points for the manufacture of various illegal drugs has risen sharply in recent years, more than doubling in two years, reaching 152 processing points in 2018.
Growth in Afghan and Iraqi methamphetamine markets
A survey of hospital, prison and other institution staff in 2012 already revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal meth has become the latest major drug of concern, alongside fentanyl and ketamine.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug users saying marijuana was harder to get than "fentanyl" or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities have discovered several methamphetamine laboratories, and the Board has expressed concern about the large-scale import of pseudoephedrine preparations, which methamphetamine laboratories use as precursors.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine production appears to have started in 2014.
Since then, seizures of methamphetamine have been steadily increasing.
However, the amount of seizures in the first half of 2019 was 657 kg, a significant increase compared to the previous year.
Large seizures of methamphetamine believed to originate in Afghanistan have also been reported in other countries, indicating that production in the country is rapidly increasing.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions that have legalized marijuana for non-medical use have seen an increase in marijuana use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States allow the manufacture of marijuana products for non-medical use.
In most jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical cannabis use.
In Colorado and Washington, the first two states to pass laws legalizing marijuana for adults, use of the drug for non-medical purposes has increased, particularly in the past month and among daily or near-daily users, who have exceeded national averages since 2012.
All indicators show that marijuana use in Uruguay has increased since 2011, and use last month almost doubled.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is regular and frequent use of marijuana.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, use also increased.
However, in 2019, 40% of cannabis users still obtained some products from illegal sources.
Is the legalization of marijuana behind the sharp drop in global marijuana seizures?
Global seizures of cannabis herb fell to their lowest level in 20 years in 2018, driven by declines in North America, where seizures fell 84% over the past decade.
By contrast, seizures in the rest of the world almost doubled over the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at liberalizing the marijuana market played a key role in the decline.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances seems to have a deterrent effect. It is still difficult to assess the effect of the regulation of new psychoactive substances in China.
Countries with different regulatory regimes for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of use of new psychoactive substances.
In other countries, the use of NPS has decreased following the adoption of domestic legislation.
Vulnerable populations face harm from both legal and illicit drug markets, and opioids used for pain management and palliative care are mainly available in high-income countries, with uneven distribution across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all medically consumable opioids were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
The population of these countries accounts for about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries account for 88% of the global population, but consume less than 10% of the world's pharmaceutical opioids.
Barriers to accessing opioids for pain are multifactorial, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are more at risk of drug addiction, with around 35.6 million people suffering from drug addiction in 2018.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalisation can increase the risk of addiction and exacerbate its consequences. High-income countries studies confirm this, showing that an individual's disadvantaged socio-economic trajectory is not only a reflection of their status at a given point in time, but is also related to the risk of addiction.
Drug addiction also deepens socioeconomic disadvantage, increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thereby perpetuating the cycle of disadvantage. These outcomes may also be related to the stigmatising attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and migrants, sexual minorities, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and people in rural areas may also be disproportionately affected by drug addiction or face barriers to accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life year (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy life years lost to disability and premature death, the harmful effects of drug abuse have worsened over the past decade, with wider social impacts.
Between 2007 and 2018, the global disability-adjusted life years attributable to drug use increased by 17%.
The increase in life expectancy adjusted for disability due to liver cancer caused by untreated hepatitis C among injecting drug users is particularly high - up to 40%.
The complex relationship between drugs and violence makes it difficult to establish all the causal links between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggest that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
But in violent incidents, alcohol seems to play a bigger role than drugs.
Although drug use may lead to crime, in some cases, this association can be partly attributed to multiple mediating factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of disadvantage resulting from personal risk, family environment and peer influence.
The link between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, are likely to be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the level and extent of violence is more a function of certain changes that destabilize the balance of power among organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illicit market, the death or imprisonment of a prominent criminal, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group relative to another, than it is a function of the volume of trafficking.
Latest Trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, with opioids causing the most harm
It is estimated that 192 million people used marijuana in 2018, making it the most widely used drug in the world.
In comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
But the related harm of opioids is ignored because of the small number of users.
Of the estimated 167,000 drug-related deaths in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances, and 50% of the 21 million years of life lost to disability or premature death believed to be caused by drug use were caused by these substances.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa and North Africa, the crisis of opioids is caused by Ketamine; in North America, it is caused by fentanyl. These two regions have almost no common points in economic, demographic statistics or general drug abuse patterns, but they are struggling to fight against the opioid crisis fueled by substances that are easy to obtain and have low production costs.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in opioid overdose deaths in the past 20 years.
In 2018, fentanyl was involved in two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths recorded in the United States.
Similar results have been reported in Canada, albeit at lower levels.
Part of the reason for the overdose deaths from fentanyl is the unpredictable potency of the drug on the illicit drug market.
In West Africa, Central Africa and North Africa, the market of non-medical use of methamphetamine has grown significantly.
In the region, more and more patients with the use of symptoms of ketamine are treated.
In 2017, the global seizures of ketamine increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.
But in 2018, global seizures fell to 32 tons after India passed a new law to regulate ketamine.
The crisis in both places was caused by the manufacture of simple and low production costs, and the lack of international supervision on Ketamine and many similar substances or their precursors.
The crisis in both places is exacerbated by the fact that these substances are available on both the legal and illegal drug markets, making them harder to detect and prevent from being abused.
Doping use is increasing
The main drugs in the field of doping are cocaine and methamphetamine, and the use of these two substances is on the rise in their main markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, because cocaine is popular in North America and Western Europe.
In the same year, about 27 million people used amphetamine, of which methamphetamine was the most commonly used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most indicators, methamphetamine use has been increasing in both regions over the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes substituting for each other, with the use of one drug increasing as the use of the other decreases, sometimes increasing and decreasing simultaneously to meet the same market demand.
Coronavirus increases risk for injecting drug users
It is estimated that there were around 11.3 million people who inject drugs in 2018, and around 10% of global HIV infections are due to injecting drug use.
More than 1 million injecting drug users are infected with HIV and 5.5 million with hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died of drug abuse, half of whom died of liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and most of the hepatitis C infections among injecting drug users are still untreated.
The shortage of opioids caused by COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to substitute with more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injecting or inject more frequently, more harmful use may occur.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Instructions for Use
Product Introduction
Read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it properly.
The headphones themselves come with medium-sized ear fins, and if you feel uncomfortable, you can remove the ear fins outside the headphones.
01 Wearing headphones
Gently insert the ear tip into the ear canal, and make sure the headphones do not move.
When talking, hold the headset microphone closer to your mouth for clearer speech.
Please adjust the headset to expose the microphone when you change the speaker.
Before using the charging head, please tear off the net on the charging points of the left and right earphones, and then charge the charging box and earphones.
Insert the charging line to charge the earphones and the charging box at the same time.
The charging box is not fully charged, the red light of the charging indicator is on, and the charging is full when the red light is off.
The earphone is charging, the red light of the earphone indicator is on, and the earphone is full of electricity, and the white light of the earphone indicator is on for 1 minute and then goes out.
02 Charge and turn on the machine
The headphones are in the charging case, and the headphones turn on automatically when you take them out of the case.
The earbuds are not in the charging case and have been turned off. Press and hold the multifunction button for about 1 second (the white light will stay on for 1 second).
Long press for about 1 second
White light is on for 1 second.
Turn off
When you put the earbuds into the charging case, the earbuds will turn off automatically.
Long press the multifunction key for about 5 seconds when the device is on (the red light will be on for 2 seconds)
Press and hold for about 5 seconds.
Red light for people is on for 2 seconds
03 Start using
Auto-pairing: The two earphones are automatically paired when they are taken out of the charging box.
The two cats automatically opened the door and the white light came on.
The red and white lights then flickered. The left and right bags seemed to be connected in series.
Wait until the left/right earphone flashes white light. Then open the device and search for “RedmIArDots2 ” and click to connect.
After the first connection, the device will automatically reconnect to the last paired device when it is turned on (Bluetooth needs to be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the headphones back in the charging case and repeat the steps above.
Press and hold for about 1 second to turn on
Earphone indicator light
Single ear/double ear switching; the two earphones are connected as double earphones after successful connection; put any one earphone back to the charging box to turn off, and the other earphone will enter single ear mode; take it out again to automatically resume double ear mode.
Manual connection: When the headset is turned off, turn on the headset manually. The white light will turn on, and then the red and white lights will flash. The left and right headsets will be automatically connected in series. When the left/right headset white light flashes slowly, open the device Bluetooth search connection.
Reset the headphones
If the headset cannot be connected and used normally, please reset it according to the following methods.
Earphones: Take the earphones out of the charging case, and in the off state, press and hold both earphones for 15 seconds, until the red and white lights flash alternately three times, then release and put them back in the charging case (to clear the connection record between the earphones and the phone).
04 The product accessories, user interface and other illustrations in the manual are all schematic diagrams, and are for reference only. Due to the update and upgrade of the product, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the schematic diagram. Please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi Ecological Chain Enterprise)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Subdistrict, Qinglian District, Chongqing
Customer service hotline: 400-100-5678
For more information on Benzene Operations, please check the sales network: www.micom.com
Bai Ming sang: V10reae
Key features
The following functions can be operated by both left and right earphones. Press once to answer a call; play/pause audio when you are on a call or receiving a call; hang up the call to play music; press and hold for about 1 second to release.
When receiving a call, reject the call and switch to the earphone/handset by double-clicking the button
During the call, start/stop the mute mode
When idle, turn on voice assistant (requires device to support voice function and quick wake-up setting is turned on)
Answer the second call and switch the call
When there is a new incoming call during a mobile phone call, click the multifunction key to keep the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the multifunction key to switch between the two calls.
Basic parameters
Product Name: Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Product model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the headphones
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameters: 5V, 2, 100mA
Net weight per ear: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (no obstacle and open environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5.0
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Call time: approximately 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
Warning
1 Please do not disassemble, repair or modify the headset for any reason, otherwise it may cause fire or even completely damage the product;
2 Please do not place the device in an environment with too low or too high temperature;
3 When using the device indicator light, please avoid the eyes of children or animals;
4 Do not use the equipment in thunderstorm weather, thunderstorm may cause the equipment to work abnormally and increase the risk of electric shock;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product;
6 Please do not let this product contact with liquid.
Attention
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 You must choose a charger that has been produced by a regular manufacturer and has been certified by the national CCC
3. Long-term continuous use of earphones will damage your hearing. Please control the use time and volume reasonably;
4 Using headphones will reduce your perception of outside sounds. Please do not use headphones in an environment where it may threaten your safety.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5 a 500mA
Output parameters: 5V and 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Electrochemical type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Warranty Statement
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphone product after-sales service is strict
In accordance with the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Product Quality Law of the People’s Republic of China, after-sales service is provided with three guarantees, and the service content is as follows:
One, warranty policy
1 Within 7 days from the day you receive the product, if the product has performance failure listed in the “Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Failure Table”, you can enjoy free return or replacement service after being confirmed by the after-sales service center of Xiaomi;
2 Within 8-15 days from the day you receive the product, if the product has performance failure listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Failure Table”, it can be determined by the after-sales service center of Xiaomi and
3 Within 12 months from the date of receipt, if the product has performance failure as listed in the “Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Failure Table”, it can enjoy free repair service after being confirmed by the after-sales service center of Xiaomi.
Table of product performance failure of Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Name Performance failure
1 No sound is heard during use.
In the process of using the electric toothbrush headset to make a call, the other party could not hear the sound.
It cannot be charged.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 Unauthorized repair, misuse, collision, negligence, small use, infiltration, accident, alteration, incorrect use of non-accessories of this product or tearing, defacing, or altering the anti-counterfeiting mark;
2 The warranty period has expired;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4 The situation that does not meet the performance failure listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Failure Table
5 The product and its accessories have performance failure listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Failure Table” due to human factors.
Name and content of hazardous substances in the product
Hazardous substances are listed in this table in accordance with the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: The content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit requirements specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit argues over refugee policy, EU officials: bottleneck in every step of reception - ECNS
EU summit argues over refugee policy, EU officials: there are bottlenecks in every step of the reception process
[Journalist in Belgium, Niu Liufei, Global Times] According to a report by Agence France-Presse on February 10, at the latest EU summit, European Commission President von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration to make it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
The EU's move is reportedly a response to the growing problem of illegal immigration in Europe. At present, the core problem of the EU is that there are very few illegal immigrants who can eventually be deported.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize a large amount of EU funds" to strengthen external borders with infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and member states have been arguing over issues such as the payment of fence costs.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly said that EU funds will not cover the costs.
However, some member states' diplomats said that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along the external border, it would free up national budgets and speed up the construction process.
The European website Euractiv said that EU officials admitted that there were bottlenecks in every step of the refugee reception process, and the limited reception capacity and the overburdened immigration authorities of member states could not stop refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications in various EU countries, and the refugee reception system of the EU was in a near "permanent crisis".
According to the European Commission, the Schengen countries in the EU received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half from the previous year.
At the same time, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
Against this background, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries could return illegal immigrants to their home countries according to the court judgment of another member country.
In addition, the report said that EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of safe countries", which will pave the way for the EU to establish a common list.
(Source: Global Times, author: Niu Li Fei)
US upgrading of “chip war” deals a heavy blow to global semiconductor industry - ecns.cn
Recently, the US-China “chip war” has escalated significantly. First, the Netherlands and Japan agreed to launch the control of export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China under the pressure of the United States; then, foreign media reported that the US government is considering cutting off all links between US suppliers and Huawei and banning US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to issue an executive order to restrict US investment in China’s sensitive technology industry… In the early days of 2023, the United States has been using all sorts of dirty tricks to curb the development of China’s semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its actions to suppress China’s development of “chips”. On the one hand, it has carried out precision suppression of the semiconductor production and supply chain in China; on the other hand, it has formed an alliance of the semiconductor industrial chain to “de-Chinese” the industry, with the aim of completely “getting rid of” China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to form a "technical alliance" with South Korea, or to form a "four-party alliance" with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, or to establish a "semiconductor small circle" through the "four-party mechanism" and "Indo-Pacific Economic Framework" of the United States, Japan, India and Australia, the United States is trying to build a closed production and supply chain cycle led by the United States by introducing politicized, factionalized and weaponized means into the semiconductor industry, so as to make up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintain its leading position in the global semiconductor industry.
However, the US’s high-profile “chip war tactics” against China is also “harm the enemy a thousand times and harm oneself eight hundred times”.
Recently, Lam Research Corporation, a well-known American chip manufacturing equipment supplier, announced that it would lay off 1,300 full-time employees and 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters due to the impact of the latest round of export ban on chip manufacturing equipment to China.
ASML, the Dutch semiconductor equipment maker, recently warned that the ban on exporting semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to a rise in semiconductor prices.
According to an analysis by the American media, many American companies have been severely affected by the US government's arbitrary suppression of the chip and semiconductor industries in China, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, producers of wafer manufacturing equipment, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The United States, which claims to suppress China’s advanced semiconductor industry, has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has formed a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain.
According to estimates by professionals, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross the border of various countries more than 70 times, and the whole process takes 100 days.
Although the United States has a strong foundation in the semiconductor industry, it is relatively weak in manufacturing capabilities, especially in advanced process technology, and is heavily dependent on the East Asia region.
Even if the United States is trying to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to the “small circle” regional development dominated by the United States, the regional distribution and mutual dependence of the global semiconductor industry will be difficult to change.
The US has “reshaped” and “de-Chinese-ized” the semiconductor industry chain, causing a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the future industry of the world, and the development of the chip industry cannot be separated from the joint participation of all countries in the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively issuing the Innovation and Competition Act, the America COMPETES Act of 2022, and the Chips and Science Act, using technological hegemony to consolidate its technological advantages; it has used both kindness and coercion to lure Intel, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, Samsung and other chip manufacturers to set up factories in the United States, and has made every effort to ensure the United States' global leadership in the chip field.
In the short term, the United States has indeed caused trouble for China’s chip industry and related industries, and has gained real benefits.
However, in the long run, the United States’ irrational suppression will force China’s chip industry to break through, which will deprive the United States of the huge Chinese market, and ultimately greatly weaken the innovation willingness and innovation ability of American technology enterprises, and harm the development of the global chip industry.
Gao Qiao
The first personal pension financial products are on sale, with the shortest holding period of 360 days - ECNS
The first personal pension financial products are on sale
7 products of the family institution can be chosen, and the shortest can only hold for 360 days
Personal pension financial products have finally been launched.
On February 10, China Finance Online released the first batch of personal pension fund financial products, and 7 personal pension fund financial products of ICBC Wealth Management, Agricultural Bank Wealth Management and China Postal Savings were officially launched.
By now, the “shelf” of personal pension accounts has finally collected four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension wealth management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public fund.
It was introduced that the first batch of personal pension wealth management products were all open-ended net value-type publicly offered products, including 5 new products and 2 existing products, of which 1 product was a mixed type product, and the other 6 products were fixed income type products.
The Beijing Youth Daily reporter saw that 4 of the 5 new products came from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which were fixed income products, with the shortest holding period of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, and the corresponding performance benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90% and 5.25% - 5.75%.
The remaining new product is “Postal Savings Wealth Addition·Hong Jin No. 1 with a holding period of 1095 days”, which is also a fixed income product. It started to collect funds on February 10 and ended on February 19. The risk level is level 2.
One of the two existing products is the Agricultural Bank Wealth Management “Agricultural Bank Unity·Lingdong” 360-day science and technology innovation RMB wealth management product, with a mixed nature and a risk level of three.
The other existing product is “Postal Wealth Addition and Rejuvenation No. 1 of Hwang Jin with a minimum holding period of 365 days”, which is a fixed-income type product. It started to collect funds on December 30, 2018, and officially started to operate on January 4, 2019. The cumulative net value on February 8 was 1.0011.
According to the Opinions of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Personal Pension Funds, financial products that can be invested in personal pension fund accounts include bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, publicly offered funds, etc.
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products was launched, marking that personal pension investors can officially purchase wealth management products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the Interim Measures for the Management of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Trust Companies.
The Measures stipulate that participants can purchase personal retirement savings, personal retirement financial products, personal retirement insurance products, personal retirement public fund products and other personal retirement products through personal retirement fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice to clarify that the personal pension system was launched in Beijing, Tianjin, and 36 other cities and regions including Shijiazhuang, Xiong'an New Area, and Jinzhong City, Shanxi Province.
By the end of 2022, the number of participants in personal pensions was 19.54 million, the number of payers was 6.13 million, and the total amount of contributions was 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot only listed three types of products: personal retirement savings, personal retirement insurance products, and publicly offered personal retirement funds.
Now that personal pension wealth management products have been launched, how should investors choose?
Experts from the product development department of BOC Wealth Management said that compared with other personal pension products, the pilot phase of the pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products both have three characteristics.
First, stability. The risk management mechanism is more sound, the investment strategy and concept are more stable, and the third-party independent custody of non-parent banks is implemented.
Second, it is long-term. The term of the pilot phase of the elderly financial products is 5 years or more, and the minimum holding period of the next issued personal elderly financial products is 1 year in principle, and it is encouraged to hold for more than 3 years.
Third, it is inclusive, with a low threshold for purchasing products, with a minimum purchase of 1 yuan, and some as low as 0.01 yuan, and the custody fees, management fees and other fees for the products are more favorable.
Professionals pointed out that investors should choose products according to their own risk tolerance and the characteristics of the products.
Personal pension savings have the characteristics of long term, high interest rate and high safety, which is suitable for people with low risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products focus on protection, which is more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; while personal pension wealth management products and public fund products do not guarantee principal and return, have certain investment risks, but have higher expected returns, which is suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk tolerance.
Article/ Our reporter Cheng Jie, coordinated by Chi Haibo
Fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust - www.chinanews.com
Another large gym “explodes”?
Recently, the issue of member rights protection of the famous fitness institution, Changjiang Fitness, has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that the store they belonged to was not operating normally, and then rumors about the agency going bankrupt and running away caused panic among members, leading to the involvement of the public security and human resources departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the institution responded and promised to strive to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the turmoil was finally settled.
Some of the stores of individual fitness institutions have encountered business problems and have been temporarily closed. Consumers could have waited calmly for the problems to be solved, so why is the first reaction of many members “something is wrong”?
Behind the wave of fitness club members’ rights protection, there is a deep-seated problem of the industry’s crisis of confidence.
Traditional gyms in China generally adopt the prepaid model, and “making money from users who don’t come” is the underlying logic of their development.
By obtaining cash flow through pre-sale membership cards and constantly opening new stores, it seems that it can be repeated, but in fact, it is eating breakfast and dinner, and it cannot form a stable profit model.
Negative news about the fitness industry, such as gyms closing down, has had a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the market prospect, fitness clubs are certainly a good business with “money-making opportunities”.
Although the fitness track has its ups and downs, it has always been the focus of capital.
According to various data, the enthusiasm in the fields of sports and leisure consumption continues to rise, and the market continues to recover.
Specifically, in the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards and the deepening of the concept of healthy living, the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the development of quality.
However, some institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption, and have sounded the horn of opening up new territories and expanding businesses after just getting out of the crisis, and have poured all the financing funds into the construction of new stores.
It is undeniable that in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn due to the impact of the epidemic, and the industry has been reshuffled. At this time, it is not uncommon for enterprises with strength to choose to increase their acquisition strength and reposition themselves, which is a new opportunity.
However, if the fitness market wants to enter a virtuous cycle and move towards a stable and prosperous future, the industry must change its traditional mode and business strategy.
Only by working hard and rebuilding consumer confidence and sense of security can we truly win the market and the future.
Compared with the rush to open new stores, the fitness industry currently needs to calm down and optimize services, and stabilize users with high-quality development.
First, we need to retain users through service.
Gyms belong to the service industry, and their essence is to adhere to “user orientation”, and to focus on service quality improvement around user needs.
Second, digital transformation is needed to improve user experience.
For example, the current popular Internet gym model allows users to pay per session and choose their own venue.
At the same time, body data and exercise data can be effectively utilized, and social needs can be met, realizing a complete service loop from online to offline.
Without private instructors and huge annual cards, users’ worries about gyms “running away” have been reduced, and their trust has been enhanced.
In addition, we should actively explore multiple business models.
Now, sports consumption has evolved from single services to scene consumption. Gyms are expected to become a new entry point for consumption, and the peripheral products such as sports supplements and gym equipment that are needed for exercise will become new profit points, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianjiao
Buy expensive and get a discount!
"Difference compensation" reappears in Nanjing property market - www.chinanews.com
Yangtze Evening Post (reporter: Ma Chubo) On the 10th, Yangtze Evening Post/Elephant News reporters found that the “price protection agreement” that had not been seen for more than ten years had returned to the Nanjing real estate market. A building in the Jiangbei New Area claimed that “compensation for the difference in price”; the discounts for other properties before the delivery of the building were greater than the previous discounts, and the developer was willing to exchange the house for the buyer and refund the difference in price.
The “price protection agreement” has many conditions.
The apartment complex is located in the Jiangbei New Area and is called the Poly Yanziji Yunting. Mr. Sun, a visitor, told the reporter that he found a “statement” when he visited the apartment complex last weekend.
The picture sent by the reporter shows that the developer of the property promised that if the buyer purchased the property between February 1 and February 28, the developer would exchange the property and refund the difference in price if the discount of other properties in the project was greater than the discount enjoyed by the buyer (limited to other unsold properties in the same type of property, the same building, the same unit and the same type of property as the property purchased by the buyer).
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that it was actually a “price protection agreement”, which was to make the buyer feel at ease and not worry about the developer reducing the price to promote sales. “Now I am afraid that I will buy it and it will be reduced in price. I don’t have time to go to the sales office and make a fuss. If I don’t make a fuss, I will really feel at ease.”
There are also many home buyers who believe that the “price protection agreement” is a “placebo” for home buyers, but the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who plans to buy a starter home in the north of the city, said that the properties with price guarantees must be the same type of house and in the same building and unit. There are very few properties for buyers to compare prices, so the “threshold” is still quite high.
Some home buyers also believe that because of information asymmetry, additional discounts may be given during sales, making it difficult for buyers to “assert their rights”.
Whether or not home buyers will stay remains to be seen.
The reporter found out from Nanjing online real estate that the project was first sold in November last year, with a total of 252 units, including 105 square meters, 114 square meters and 129 square meters, and the average price of the fully decorated units was 39,843 yuan/square meter.
However, more than two months have passed, and the online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the project is 157 units, accounting for 62.3%, among which 8th building has 128 units, and the number of unsold units is 113; 44 units of 7th building are also unsold, and the total number of transactions of the project is only 33 units, accounting for only 13%.
Market sources said that the “price protection agreement” had also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, the Xitang West Garden in Huangshan Road in Hexi District launched a “Price Protection Plan” to attract buyers, which specifically promised that “if the project’s discount range is expanded within a year, the company will refund the difference to the old owners”.
In April 2011, nine apartment complexes in Nanjing also promised to pay a “difference in price” for some of their apartments.
"The real estate market is recovering, and we need a 'stimulant' at this time.
"The 'price protection agreement' is also one of the marketing methods of property developers," said Mr. Shen, a senior property developer in Nanjing.
He believes that developers need more confidence than home buyers at present, and the launch of the “price protection agreement” is actually to give them confidence.
As for whether home buyers can stay, he said that it depends on the impact of multiple factors such as control policies and loan thresholds, and it is still to be observed at present.
Several data show a decline, Taiwan's economy has a poor performance at the beginning of the year - ECNS
Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, February 11 (Reporters Zhao Bo, Huang Yang) - Export trade amount "fell for five consecutive months", manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) contracted for seven consecutive months, consumer price index (CPI) saw "3-digit growth"... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have released economic data for January 2023.
Experts analyzed that Taiwan's economic performance at the beginning of the year was poor, and the pressure on growth was not small.
According to the financial department of Taiwan authorities, the exports of Taiwan region in January this year were US$31.51 billion, a year-on-year decrease of 21.2%, and the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export of 11 major export goods declined compared with the same period last year.
Plastic and rubber products and optical equipment saw the biggest declines, falling 37.6% and 35.7% year-on-year, respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decline in 11 years.
Among them, the annual decrease of integrated circuits was 18.3%, which was the biggest decline in 14 years.
Cai Mianna, head of the statistics department, said that this shows that the weakening effect of consumer electronics industry demand has spread, and the electronics industry has entered a correction period.
Statistics show that in January, Taiwan's imports and exports fell, and the amount of exports exceeded only $2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The Taiwan authorities' financial department believes that global terminal demand has decreased, and the industry's adjustment of inventory has suppressed manufacturers' willingness to purchase materials. The export downturn is unlikely to improve in the short term, and Taiwan's exports are likely to decline more than expected in the first quarter of this year.
According to the Taiwan Academy of Chinese Economic Research, the Taiwan Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) of manufacturing industry in January this year was 40.4% after seasonal adjustment, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, and contracted for 7 consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring index system, the PMI is a dividing line at 50%, and an index greater than 50% represents expansion, while a contraction is the opposite.
In January, among the five components of Taiwan's PMI, new orders, production and human employment were tightened, and the delivery time of suppliers decreased, and inventory was tightened.
All six industries returned a PMI contraction, with the contraction rates of the industries being ranked as electric power and machinery equipment industry (35.1%), electronic and optical industry (35.2%), chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), basic raw material industry (42.4%), transportation equipment industry (42.6%) and food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the “General Accounting Office” of the Taiwan authorities announced that the annual CPI growth rate of Taiwan in January this year was 3.04%, which has exceeded 3% since July last year.
Among them, the price of vegetables soared by 28.25%, setting a new high in 17 months.
Tsai Chih-hsiung, a special commissioner of Taiwan's Ministry of Finance, admitted that the price increase of vegetables was beyond expectation. Excluding the Spring Festival factor, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year, and inflation pressure still exists and is still at a high point.
Looking at Taiwan's economy this year, experts expressed pessimism, according to reports by United Daily News and Yahoo Finance, among other Taiwan media.
Wu Dajian, a professor of economics at Central University of Taiwan, analyzed that the export recession may cause export manufacturers to have cash flow problems, and the risk of default will increase.
At the same time, the reduction of orders has led to the reduction of labor costs by manufacturers, which affects the labor market and household economy, and in turn affects the consumption ability.
Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at Taiwan Economic Research Institute, believes that the inflation situation in Europe and America has not been resolved this year, and demand continues to shrink, and it is estimated that the export recession in Taiwan will continue until the first half of the year.
As Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, the economic growth this year will be lower than last year due to the sluggish exports.
“The important engine of global recovery” - www.chinanews.com
“In the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, China’s economy has shown strong resilience.
Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
"The current epidemic prevention and control in China has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released," said Julio Rios, a well-known Chinese expert and honorary consultant of the China Policy Observation Network, in a recent interview with our reporter.
Liu said that China has responded calmly to the impact of various unexpected factors with its extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, which fully demonstrates its economic resilience and management level.
China has unswervingly expanded its opening up to the outside world, while the endogenous driving force of economic development has been continuously strengthened, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises have developed together.
Every year, the National Two Sessions of China are held, and the representatives and members discuss the development plan of the country and the hot issues of people's livelihood, and widely gather consensus, gather people's hearts and minds, and gather wisdom, which will add strength to China's development.
“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered the stage of high-quality development.
The international community expects China's wisdom and China's plan, and expects China's development to bring new opportunities to the world.
"China is now promoting science and technology innovation to inject new impetus into economic and social development. 'Investment, talent cultivation, and policy incentives have made China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan'," said Rios.
In the eyes of Rios, economic system reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has taken active measures to stabilize the economy by making the most of the advantages of the market economy and the superiority of the socialist system.
Based on the strategic point of expanding domestic demand, increase financial support to the real economy, support the development of private and small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industry, insist on innovative development, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of Chinese people, and meet the multi-level and diversified consumption needs of the people... China has fully, accurately and comprehensively implemented the new development concept, and has been committed to promoting high-quality development and building a new development pattern, which will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative.
“Economic stabilization and recovery after the pandemic is the common goal of the international community.
China's economic development potential is continuously released, which will bring more benefits to the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
"We look forward to the continued role of the Belt and Road cooperation in improving the infrastructure level of various countries and strengthening interconnection in various fields, and to the continued release of greater energy," said Rios.
(Madrid News)
(People’s Daily reporter Yan Huan)
Report: the number of returning overseas students seeking employment in China reached a new high in 2022 - ECNS
Graduates returning to China in 2022 before graduation Source: 2022 China Returnees Employment Survey Report
ECNS, Beijing, February 11 (Meng Ruilin) - The "2022 China Returnees Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as "the report") recently released shows that the scale of graduates in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of overseas students returning to China to find jobs reached a new high, and the demand of Chinese enterprises for overseas talents also showed an upward trend.
The report pointed out that since 2020, the number of returnees seeking jobs in China has increased significantly, and the number of returning students seeking jobs in China has increased.
Compared with 2021, the scale of 2022 graduates increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of returning students seeking jobs in China reached a new high.
In terms of the distribution of countries of origin of returning overseas students, the United Kingdom has the highest proportion, at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), which is consistent with the ranking in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth rate, the number of fresh graduates from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore increased significantly year-on-year, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of fresh graduates from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia decreased year-on-year.
Trend of supply and demand of overseas returnees in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023 Source: 2022 China Overseas Returnees Employment Survey Report
The survey showed that 58% of the students who decided to return to China thought that “life in China is more convenient”, 40% decided to return to China because they “identify more with the cultural environment in China”, 32% thought that “there are more job opportunities in China”, and 22% thought that the economic activities in China would accelerate recovery and that they could get more job opportunities.
Data shows that the demand of domestic enterprises for overseas talents is rapidly released, and the demand for overseas returnees is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of positions prioritized for returnees and the number of returnees seeking jobs in China both showed an upward trend. On February 3, the number of positions prioritized for returnees increased by 11% compared to January 28, and the number of returnees seeking jobs increased by 27%.
In terms of industries, the proportion of positions from the education/training industry in the priority positions for returnees in 2022 was 27.8%, ranking first, while professional services/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1% respectively.
Changes in the number of returnees seeking employment in China in recent years Source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary of priority positions for returnees has been rising for three consecutive years, reaching RMB14,680 per month in 2022, an increase of RMB961 or 7% compared with RMB13,719 per month in 2021.
In terms of regions, the willingness of the overseas returnees to develop in the new first-tier cities, second-tier cities and third-tier cities and below has been improved in 2022, and the proportion of submissions in 2022 were 31%, 15.7% and 14.3%, respectively, which were higher than the submission proportion in 2021.
As for the gains of studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said that they basically met their expectations, up 2.8 percentage points from the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said that their income was higher than or far higher than expected, which was higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(完)
Half the cost or even more?
Henan Province standardizes and integrates the prices of dental implant medical services - www.chinanews.com
CCTV News: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but the price of over ten thousand yuan per tooth has always made many patients hesitate.
Since this year, with the acceleration of the implementation of the centralized procurement of dental implants, the reduction of the price of dental implants has been put on the agenda in various regions.
From February 10, the overall process control target of the medical service price of a single conventional implant in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the overall process cost of a single conventional implant is not higher than 97% of the control target.
Dental implant refers to a method of tooth restoration based on the lower structure implanted in the bone tissue to support and fix the upper tooth restoration.
The reporter learned from Zhengzhou University First Affiliated Hospital that the price of a single conventional implant is about 16,700 yuan from planting to final repair.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that for a case like mine, it would be more than 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, and basically half the price.
On the basis of the existing projects, Henan Province has also integrated and determined the prices of 15 dental implantation services, such as “implantation fee (per piece)”, and unified the prices of provincial-level public medical institutions and the categories of medical insurance payment, and canceled or adjusted the prices of 20 medical services, such as dental implantation.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Department of Drug Price and Bidding Procurement, Zhengzhou Bureau of Medical Insurance: The main beneficiaries are the four parties. One is medical insurance, which has reduced expenditure; the pressure on hospitals has been reduced, and patients will increase appropriately; suppliers have gained a market; and patients are the biggest beneficiaries, as the cost of implanting a tooth may be reduced by half or even more.
Shenzhen: building China’s first and world-leading super-fast pioneer city - www.chinanews.com
ECNS, February 11 - According to the news from the “Shenzhen Industrial and Information” WeChat public account on the 10th, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information recently issued the “Shenzhen Action Plan for the Construction of the Ultra-Fast Pioneer City”.
It is proposed that by the end of 2023, a super broadband network with high speed, large capacity and low delay will be built, and the network construction goal of “double gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and everything connected” will be achieved, and the first super speed pioneer city in China and the world will be built.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of 1000M optical network.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The Plan requires that the energy efficiency of 5G networks be comprehensively improved.
Research and develop the standard of Shenzhen 5G network service quality, carry out 5G network testing and evaluation, and improve the quality of 5G network services.
Support basic telecom enterprises to increase the optimization of 5G network in key areas and places, add 10,000 5G base stations in the whole year, and the average download speed in the whole city reaches 500Mbps and the upload speed reaches 100Mbps, and the download speed in key areas reaches 1000Mbps and the upload speed reaches 200Mbps, which greatly improves the network speed and user experience.
Build high-quality wireless local area network at the city level.
Establish standards for wireless local area network (WLAN) services in public places, and promote the upgrading of WLAN in areas with high population density and information consumption needs in all districts of the city, providing gigabit access capability.
Relying on the construction of “Shenzen Network”, build a unified authentication and supervision platform for public wireless local area network in the whole city, realize “one-time authentication, seamless roaming, intelligent switching”, and support the operating entities to include self-built APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities into the authentication and supervision platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded APs will not be less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical network, construct a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and improve the ability of Internet application services.
The Plan clearly states that a collaborative construction of the IoT perception system is needed.
Explore the construction and management mode of urban perception terminals based on the “Hongmeng” open source operating system, reduce the cost of docking, accelerate the construction of city-level perception platform, and promote the interconnection and intercommunication of urban Internet of Things platform, professional Internet of Things platform in various fields and data.
Deepen the application of IoT perception in urban management, public services, public security, and transportation, and expand the channels of fixed perception such as city roads, buildings, and public facilities, and mobile perception such as smart networked vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity and gas IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The Plan also mentioned strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communication applications, laying out the low-altitude network infrastructure construction, and promoting the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, it will promote the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, build an ecological environment for industrial innovation and development, and support the holding of top-level competitions and activities.
(ECNS)
“New variables” emerge in China’s e-commerce industry, how can live streaming become “king of content”?
- www.chinanews.com
ECNS, February 11, 2021, Title: “New Variables” in China’s E-commerce Industry, How to Make “Content King” in Live Streaming?
Xinhua Finance Reporter Xia Bin
"We entered the e-commerce industry late, but we realized from the very beginning that content is very important if we want to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fangfang, a 90s girl from Guangdong, is now running a nutritional food store on Douyin e-commerce, which makes an offline store with more than 30 years of history “bloom” online.
The videos on @fengfeng1999’s Douyin account are refreshing to the eyes and ears, with a retro Hong Kong film style and classic Cantonese songs.
At the recent Douyin E-commerce “Find Companions · Quality Content Sharing Special Session”, Fangfang, as a representative of high-quality creators, attended the session and introduced her experiences and feelings of daily creation.
She said on the spot, “The video, which was carefully edited, attracted a lot of attention from netizens, and many people were interested in the ingredients in my dishes and wanted to cook delicious food with me, which opened up a new market for me.
”
Fangfang let more people fall in love with the “taste of the old man” through the soup-making video, and a live broadcast sold up to 300,000 pieces of nourishing ingredients, which saved the old store on the verge of bankruptcy.
“No content, no e-commerce”, as short videos and live streaming e-commerce continue to develop, people’s requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of live streaming, live streaming rooms often attracted users with low-price discounts, and the price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal big Vs such as Liu Yihao and Dongfang Selection, as well as many lesser-known influencers and merchants in vertical subdivisions, who have improved their long-term operating benefits by continuously creating high-quality content that is consistent with their brand style.
According to introduction by Gao Ya Xuan, the person in charge of the operation of the Douyin e-commerce star authors, 6.27 million creators have realized the value of their contents through Douyin e-commerce in the past year, and their contents have increased by 252%, and the total transaction amount has doubled.
"Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving and vigorous author ecology.
" said Gao Yaoxian.
The Experimental Platform for Innovation and Future Media of Beijing Normal University previously released the E-commerce Industry Content Ecosystem Health Index (ECHI) Report, which analyzed the current “new variables” in the e-commerce industry from the perspective of data, i.e., the importance of high-quality content, and used the index to evaluate the content ecosystem of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China.
According to the ranking of the healthy index of the content ecology of the e-commerce industry in the above report, Douyin e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com ranked in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept, which is to integrate e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce, and good PGC (professional production content) and UGC (user-generated content) are the high-quality carriers for integration with e-commerce, the higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce embedding, and the stronger the commercial value, and the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption distributed in the public and private areas.
At the scene, Yushuguang, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, made an analysis and interpretation of the report.
He said that, in terms of content value, the e-commerce industry has now transitioned from the “consumer accessibility” stage to the “consumer quality” stage, and high-quality, professional and differentiated content is the “hard currency” of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the fundamental and key to the new stage of e-commerce development. Paid knowledge, professional knowledge, KOL (key opinion leader) and other PGC contents have become the standard in e-commerce live streaming.
Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guomin put forward two suggestions.
One is to promote the health and quality of the e-commerce content ecosystem from the perspective of content structure, build positive content creation and management standards, and achieve dynamic balance of the healthy system index of the e-commerce content ecosystem.
The other is to look at the external ecology, to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.
“In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more data and AI support to make predictions about future development stability; in addition, provide more standard and healthy growth space for merchants, realize the value of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and jointly create a healthy content ecology.
”(Complete)
Northeast Exchange's margin trading business will start next week - www.chinanews.com
Report (Journalist: Sun Jie) - Yesterday evening, the Beijing Stock Exchange released a message stating that, after approval by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the financing and securities lending business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will officially start on February 13, and securities companies that have obtained the financing and securities lending trading qualification of the Beijing Stock Exchange can accept investor orders and submit financing and securities lending trading applications to the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The first batch of 56 securities for financing and securities lending were determined based on the calculation base date of January 31, 2023.
The list of stocks for financing and margin trading and the list of securities for margin trading will be published in the “Information Disclosure - Margin Trading Information” column on the official website of the Northern Stock Exchange, making it convenient for investors to check.
Securities lending and borrowing is an important basic institution of the securities market and a relatively mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2, 2018, the North Exchange publicly solicited opinions on margin trading business on the occasion of its first anniversary.
The launch of financing and securities lending transactions on the North Exchange is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system of the North Exchange, improve the trading mechanism and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The financing and securities lending system can enrich investors’ trading strategies, meet the diverse trading needs of investors, promote the discovery of market prices, and further improve market liquidity.
Next, the North Exchange will continue to do a good job in all aspects of financing and securities lending business under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, enrich the trading system tools with investor demand as the guide, improve the relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange that serves innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Comprehensive Forum was held in Beijing, and He Li-feng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11 - The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Forum was held in Beijing on February 11 in a combination of online and offline modes.
He Lifeng, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and head of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the Bangkok meeting and strengthen the cooperation between China and Japan in green development.
China will comprehensively implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, accelerate the green transformation of development mode, deepen environmental pollution prevention and control, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon peak and carbon neutrality, promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion and growth, and promote ecological priority, conservation-oriented, green, low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue deepening cooperation in green low-carbon industry, technology, policy dialogue and cultural exchange, and promote the green development cooperation between the two countries to reach new heights.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Hiroshige Seko attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the Japan-China Economic Association, and included a main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency, electric and intelligent vehicles, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from the governments, enterprises and institutions of China and Japan engaged in exchanges.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operation in Turkey and has rescued 4 trapped people - ECNS
ECNS, February 11 - According to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team in Turkey sent out three action teams and 45 rescue workers to rescue one person who was trapped.
At the same time, two search and assessment teams were dispatched to assess and investigate 15 buildings on Wuda Road.
So far, a total of 4 trapped persons have been rescued, 5 victims have been found, and life trace and risk assessment have been carried out for 25 collapsed buildings.
The rescue team will adjust the rescue force scientifically according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the situation at the rescue site, and continue to carry out rescue work in depth.
The rescue team obtained rescue requests through embassies, local governments, United Nations relief organizations, etc., and verified them one by one through online inquiries, on-site searches, etc.
The Chinese Hong Kong Rescue Team was briefed on the current rescue environment and the collapse of buildings, and joint search operations were carried out.
At present, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team, and three members of the team are dispatched to work in the rescue coordination center of Area 5, communicating with the Italian, British, Serbian, Slovakian and Omani teams, and learning about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and the rescue teams of various countries.
The rescue team has continuously strengthened safety management and team protection, and in accordance with the principle of “unified command, safety first”, strengthened safety management of the rescue site, strengthened the requirements of rescue work discipline, and clarified safety precautions.
Continuously implement the duty system of rotating standby and post duty, and strengthen the management of camp security.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide physical examination services for the team members every day, strengthen medical protection for key personnel, and the entire rescue team is currently healthy and carrying out disinfection in the camp.
Since the establishment of the base, the logistics support team has set up 26 field tents for four categories, including command communication, equipment storage, medical decontamination, living accommodation and dog kennels, and provided more than 30 sets of rescue equipment for the scene.
Commentator of Xinhua News Agency: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project——On the profound understanding of the important speech by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on the study and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11, title: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project——Four discussions on deeply understanding the important speech by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on learning and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Xinhua News Agency commentator
“Advancing Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires coordination, systematic planning, and overall promotion, and the correct handling of a series of major relationships, such as top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, adherence to tradition and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and self-improvement, and opening up to the outside world.
“At the opening ceremony of the study seminar for the newly elected members of the Central Committee, alternate members and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres on studying and implementing the thought of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the rules of modernization construction, and systematically and deeply explained a series of major relationships that need to be handled in practice, providing scientific methods for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
Advancing Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization, and relates to the governance of the party, the country, and the military, as well as internal and external affairs, national defense, and so on. It requires systematic planning and the courage to reform and innovate, and to continuously achieve overall progress.
Top-level design requires a profound understanding of the trend of world development, an accurate grasp of the common aspirations of the people, in-depth exploration of the rules of economic and social development, and the reflection of the times, the grasp of the rules, and the creativity in the planning and policy system, so as to achieve the combination of the far and near, the connection of the top and bottom, and the coordination of the contents.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are many unknown areas that need to be boldly explored in practice, and the development of the undertaking should be promoted through reform and innovation, and we must not carve a boat and seek a sword, or stand still and wait for the rabbit.
Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.
To promote modernization in the Chinese way, we must enhance the strategic foresight to anticipate the future and lead the future; we must enhance the strategic overallness to solve the major problems that affect the rise and fall of the party and the country; we must enhance the strategic stability, and once the strategy is formed, it must be long-term, unremitting, and successful.
We must scientifically grasp the dialectical unity between strategy and tactics, organically combine the principle of strategy with the flexibility of tactics, and be flexible, agile, and decisive in making decisions in response to changing situations, so as to seize the strategic initiative in accordance with local conditions, the situation, and the trend.
The Chinese nation is a nation that upholds tradition and innovates.
We must handle the relationship between upholding the old and creating the new well. We must uphold the essence, root and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, and put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, adapt to the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively adapt to changes, seek changes and make changes, vigorously promote reform and innovation, continuously create new driving forces and advantages for development, and fully stimulate the creativity of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation of fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee of efficiency.
We are promoting modernization with Chinese characteristics, which means creating more efficiency than capitalism and more effectively maintaining social fairness, so as to better achieve the balance, mutual promotion and unity of efficiency and fairness.
We must handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness, continuously realize development for the people, development relying on the people, and development results shared by the people, so that the achievements of modernization can benefit more people and benefit them more equally.
To promote modernization with Chinese characteristics, we need to handle the relationship between vitality and order, and make society both vibrant and stable.
We must coordinate the two major tasks of development and security, implement the concept of overall national security, improve the national security system, enhance the ability to safeguard national security, and firmly safeguard the security of the state, the system, ideology, and key areas.
We should take security into greater consideration in development, enhance national security through development, use the achievements of development to consolidate the foundation of national security, and create a favorable security environment for economic and social development, continuously stimulate development vitality, and achieve a healthy interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
To promote modernization with Chinese characteristics, we must adhere to our own path, broaden our horizons, and insist on opening up to the outside world, so as to continuously expand the breadth and depth of modernization with Chinese characteristics.
We must insist on independence, self-reliance and self-improvement, and insist on placing the development of the country and the nation on the foundation of our own strength, and firmly hold the fate of the development and progress of our country in our own hands.
We should continuously expand high-level opening-up, participate deeply in global industrial division and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, and share development opportunities and create a better future through mutual benefit and win-win cooperation.
Only by following the way can we achieve our goals.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, and with the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era, seize the rules, persevere, fully play our initiative, creativity and actively handle a series of major relationships, make great efforts in the new journey of building a modern socialist country in an all-round way, and continuously open up new horizons for Chinese-style modernization.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) The Biden administration will add six Chinese entities suspected of being involved in the spy balloon plan to the blacklist this Friday (February 10).
The US Department of Commerce said that these five Chinese companies and one research institution helped the Chinese military modernize, especially in aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
Companies on the blacklist will find it difficult to obtain US technology exports.
The list is called the "entity list", and companies on the list will not be able to purchase technology or goods from US suppliers unless they obtain special export licenses from the US Department of Commerce.
The blacklisted companies are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., China Electronics Technology Group 48th Research Institute, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Eagle Moon Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xinaviation Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanxi Eagle Moon Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
The White House said earlier it was considering broader measures to "expose and address" what it called China's broader espionage efforts against U.S. national security.
The balloon incident triggered further tension between China and the United States, and U.S. Secretary of State Brinken canceled his visit to China.
The United States shot down the balloon on February 4, and the Chinese government made a serious representation to the US Embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously undermining and damaging the efforts and process of the two sides to stabilize Sino-US relations.
Based on the available evidence of the wreckage and information from the Chinese military procurement platform, the US government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon was "directly related to the People's Liberation Army of China" and was a supplier approved by the Chinese military.
Spokesperson for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Mao Ning said at a press conference on Friday that China has explained the situation and clarified its position on the accidental entry of a Chinese civilian drone into US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolution of the US Congress was purely political manipulation and hype.
China is strongly dissatisfied and firmly opposed to this.
"Today's action demonstrates our joint efforts to identify and stop China's use of spy balloons that violate the sovereignty of the United States and more than 40 other countries," said Matthew Axelrod, assistant secretary for export enforcement at the U.S. Commerce Department.
”
An employee of Guangzhou Tianhai Aviation Technology Co. Ltd. said he was not aware of the sanctions and declined to comment further, Reuters reported.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States has not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
Copyright statement of DW: All contents of this article are protected by copyright law, and shall not be used without special authorization from DW.
Any wrongdoing will lead to recovery and criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) Several days have passed since the earthquake occurred in some areas of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is becoming increasingly bleak, but the five members of a family who were rescued on Saturday made the rescue workers feel extremely relieved.
According to the Associated Press, in Nurdai town, a disaster-stricken area in Gaziantep, Turkey, this family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days.
Rescue workers first pulled out the mother and daughter from the rubble, and then found the father, but he insisted on asking to save his son and another daughter first.
Cheers went up from the crowd when they were all rescued.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaras, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also rescued successfully in the harsh cold weather.
"What day is it today?
" - the boy who was trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the rescuers who saved him after he was brought back to the ground.
A man from Kahramanmaraş hugging his cat, who had just been rescued
The miraculous success of the rescue operation brought a glimmer of hope to the already hopeless search and rescue work, but at the same time, the number of fatalities continued to rise.
According to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has caused more than 20,000 deaths in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be more than 3,500.
Although experts said that people could survive for more than a week after being trapped in the ruins, the hope of finding more survivors has become increasingly bleak.
Rescue workers are still using heat imaging equipment to search for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of the rescue work began to shift to helping the survivors who were in urgent need of rescue.
UN official: the disaster in the region is "unprecedented in a century"
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference in Turkey that the earthquake was the "worst disaster in the region in a century."
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "extraordinary."
He also told Reuters that he hoped to provide rescue to the areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but said that the matter was "not clear yet".
The United Nations pledged to provide an additional $25 million in relief aid to the people in the earthquake-stricken areas in Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced that it would allocate $25 million to relief efforts in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquakes in the world in the past 60 years
Great Chilean Earthquake (1960)
On May 22, 1960, at 3:11 p.m. local time, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a seismic magnitude of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was reduced to rubble.
The huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the coast of Chile, and the huge tsunami was as high as 25 meters.
The tsunami affected distant Japan and the Philippines.
The number of deaths and economic losses caused by such a disaster cannot be accurately known.
The most destructive earthquakes in the world in the past 60 years
Great Alaskan Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964, was a Friday, and it was also Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in the history of North America occurred in Alaska, USA, with a magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake was still the third largest earthquake in the world since records began.
The earthquake occurred when a fault between the Pacific and North American plates ruptured near the Prince William Sound, close to College Fjord.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted from 3 to 5 minutes.
The seabed displacement triggered a huge tsunami, which was 67 meters high.
Schools and many businesses were closed because it was a holiday.
The earthquake eventually claimed the lives of 139 people.
9 people died directly from the earthquake, and the other 130 people died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquakes in the world in the past 60 years
Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above occurred in Tangshan City and Fengnan County in Hebei Province, China, within 16 hours.
The epicenter was 23 kilometers below the ground.
The traffic, communication, water supply and electricity supply of Tangshan City were all interrupted, and the city was destroyed in an instant.
The capital Beijing, 140 km away, also felt the strong tremors.
According to official statistics, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake is the second most deadly earthquake in China since records began, second only to the Jiajing earthquake in 1556.
However, overseas scientists estimated that the earthquake may have caused the deaths of at least 650,000 people.
The most destructive earthquakes in the world in the past 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers off the west coast of Aceh Province in Sumatra Island, Indonesia, with a depth of 30 kilometers and a seismic intensity of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with waves as high as 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, including the worst-hit areas such as Aceh Province in Indonesia, Phuket and Phi Phi Island in Thailand, Sri Lanka and Tamil Nadu in India.
It was the peak tourist season for Christmas, and the disaster area was crowded with tourists and local residents, which caused many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and local people working on the beach to be swept into the sea by the tsunami, making many people missing in this earthquake.
It is estimated that at least 300,000 people died and went missing.
The most destructive earthquakes in the world in the past 60 years
Wenchuan earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in Wenchuan, Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from China Earthquake Administration, the surface wave magnitude of this earthquake was 8.2 and the R-magnitude was 8.3, with an area of destruction of more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake caused 69,227 deaths, 17,923 missing, 374,643 injured, 199,303 homeless, and a total of 46,256,000 people were affected.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and the most deadly since the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12 of each year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Reduction Day to strengthen education for the public and focus on disaster prevention and reduction work.
After that, governments and primary and secondary schools in many places in China held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also started to pay attention to popularizing earthquake disaster reduction education.
The most destructive earthquakes in the world in the past 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale occurred in Haiti, a Caribbean island country.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti, and the hypocenter was about 13 kilometers away from the earth’s surface.
The International Red Cross estimated that the population affected by the earthquake was about 3 million.
The Haitian government has confirmed that more than 200,000 people have died.
In some areas of Haiti, as many as 90% of the houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
Despite the massive aid and support from the international community, the impoverished country, plagued by overpopulation and corruption, has never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquakes in the world in the past 60 years
The Great East Japan Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large reverse fault earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the northeast coast of Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean to the east of Sendai, the capital city of Miyagi Prefecture, with a seismic depth of 24 kilometers, and triggered a huge tsunami with a maximum run-up of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first earthquake with a magnitude of over 9 since Japan began to record earthquakes.
About 22,000 people died in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was affected by the earthquake and tsunami, and a leakage accident occurred.
The accident was classified as the most serious level 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to the measurement of minute amounts of radioactive substances, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (half-life of 30 years), around the world.
A large number of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in the disaster areas of Turkey and Syria are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, up to 5.3 million people have been displaced by the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has appealed for $77 million to provide food for the victims of the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the disaster area is as low as minus, and many victims have no homes.
The Turkish government has distributed large quantities of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still struggling to reach many of those in dire need.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has made the people's suffering even worse.
Within four days of the earthquake, the World Food Programme had provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for treating injuries and emergency surgeries.
(AP, Reuters, etc.)
Copyright statement of DW: All contents of this article are protected by copyright law, and shall not be used without special authorization from DW.
Any wrongdoing will lead to recovery and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police News: Police Station Calls on Citizens to Beware of Fraudulent Messages from Telecommunications Companies
Recently, the police received several cases of telecommunications fraud. The criminals pretended to be the telecommunications company in Macau and sent fraudulent text messages to the victims with links to websites. They lured the victims to log in to the fake websites to exchange the points before they expired.
The victim entered the credit card information and verification code as instructed, and then received a notification from the financial institution that there was an unknown consumption record on the credit card, and suspected that the credit card information was stolen from the above website.
It was confirmed that the telecommunications company did not send the message.
The Police urged the public to be vigilant if they received similar text messages and not to log in to the websites or provide any personal information; if they were asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords or transaction verification codes, they should be extra cautious to prevent credit card fraud.
Fraud prevention tips:
1. Pay more attention to cybersecurity news and raise personal awareness of prevention;
2. Do not log in to unknown websites and register personal and credit card information on the websites to prevent being stolen;
3. Beware of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website address is completely consistent with the official website;
Install anti-virus software on your mobile phone, mobile device or computer and update it regularly;
If you suspect that you have been cheated or involved in other crimes, you should immediately call the Anti-Cheating Enquiry Hotline 8800 7777 of the Police Force or the Reporting Hotline 993 for help.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large-scale inspection team from Hong Kong visits tourist attractions in Macau to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand the “line-up tour” between Hong Kong and Macau
The Tourism Board organized a large-scale Hong Kong inspection group consisting of more than 100 representatives from the Hong Kong government tourism department, the tourism industry and the media to Macau, and the two-day (10th and 11th) schedule included work meetings and industry discussions. Representatives from the Hong Kong travel agency industry and the media also visited several tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macau in batches to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market, and at the same time to promote cultural and tourism cooperation between the two places and expand the “line-to-line tourism” market between Hong Kong and Macau.
First-hand inspection introduces new tourism activities in Macau
The Hong Kong large-scale inspection group of 100 people includes leaders and managers of the Hong Kong Government's tourism-related departments, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators in Hong Kong and Macau, and about 30 representatives from travel magazines and newspapers, tourism social media, online media, bloggers/internet celebrities, etc. They came to Macau to exchange and investigate the latest tourism resources in Macau, and the Hong Kong industry and media will bring the new tourism methods of Macau to Hong Kong residents and tourists, and expand the Hong Kong-Macau "line-up tourism" market by taking advantage of the transportation hub of Hong Kong.
Two days of tight schedule, seeking business opportunities and increasing publicity
The delegation visited the World Heritage Site of “Historic Centre of Macao” in groups yesterday and today, experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, “Time Travel in Three Ba” - an immersive digital experience exhibition of the Three Lamps Square, the Macau Products Mall, the Old Town of Coloane, as well as several large resort hotels and facilities: Sands Macao, The Karl Lagerfeld, Galaxy Macau, MGM Macau, Morpheus, The Londoner Macao, Sands Cotai Central, Artelli Multidimensional Art Space of Newport Grand and teamLab Supernatural Space of Venetian Macao.
The members of the inspection team will share Macao’s tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents by visiting Macao’s tourism facilities and experiencing Macao’s “tourism +” elements, and integrate the latest Macao tourism products to introduce and sell to Hong Kong residents.
Attracting Hong Kong tourists and expanding the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao “line-to-line tourism”
Taking the opportunity of the resumption of customs clearance, the Tourism Board launched a publicity offensive and launched various preferential policies in the Hong Kong market, including the launch of transportation ticket discounts between Hong Kong and Macau, and the release of a new promotional video for online and offline advertising.
After inviting leaders of the Hong Kong tourism industry to Macau last month to exchange and investigate, and after Hong Kong Internet celebrities personally experienced Macau’s “tourism +”, this time, Macau organized representatives of the tourism industry and the media to investigate Macau, strengthen market promotion, attract Hong Kong tourists to stay in Macau and consume, and the two industries negotiated to jointly expand the Hong Kong-Macau “line-to-line tourism” market, expand the mainland market and even the overseas market, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry in the two places.
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the Chinese medical team in Zambia to benefit the local people with kind hearts and kind deeds and to tell China’s story with practical actions - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Online - Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the Chinese medical team in Africa to benefit the local people with kindness and medical skills and to tell China’s story with practical actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Zhuofeng] Size: [Big Middle Small]
Xinhua News Agency Beijing February 10th (Reporter Liu Yun) General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the State, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission Xi Jinping sent a letter to the members of the 19th Chinese medical team to assist the Central African Republic on February 9th, expressing his greetings to them and his sincere expectations to all the overseas medical team members.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you have overcome difficulties in work and life in Africa, and served the local people with heart, which makes you both white-coated angels saving lives and friendly messengers spreading friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of China’s medical teams to other countries. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are now and have been carrying out medical aid missions overseas.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and the medical aid to foreign countries is a vivid reflection of this.
I hope that you will not forget your original aspiration and mission, and will carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team of fearlessness in the face of hardship, dedication, saving lives and helping the injured, and great love without boundaries, so as to benefit the local people with kind hearts and skilled hands, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community of health for all with practical actions.
Aid to foreign medical services is an important part of China’s foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent its first medical team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, a total of 30,000 medical team members have been sent to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, treating 290 million patients, winning widespread praise from the international community.
Currently, the overseas medical team works in 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th Chinese Medical Team to Africa sent a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping to report on their study and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, their provision of medical services to local people, and their determination to contribute to the construction of a community of health for all.
The study and research class for the newly elected members of the Central Committee, alternate members and provincial and ministerial leaders on the study and implementation of Xi Jinping’s thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress ended - Rolling News - Hunan Daily Online - Huasheng Online
The study and research class for the newly elected members of the Central Committee, alternate members and provincial and ministerial leaders on the study and implementation of Xi Jinping’s thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress ended
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Zhuofeng] Size: [Big Middle Small]
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10 - The study and research class for the newly elected members of the Central Committee, alternate members and provincial and ministerial level leading cadres on the study and implementation of Xi Jinping’s thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress graduated from the Central Party School (National Academy of Administration) in the afternoon of the 10th. Xi Jinping, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the graduation ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that we should study and implement the spirit of the important speech made by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, be more determined to support the “two establishments” and ensure the “two safeguards”, enhance our abilities, work hard and make solid progress in the modernization of China, and create achievements that can withstand the test of history, practice and the people in building a modern socialist country in an all-round way and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all the participants studied the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, and conducted in-depth research and exchanges on the basis of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era, deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, strengthened their confidence and determination to promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation under the strong leadership of the CPC with Xi Jinping as the core, and enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission to fulfill their duties and do a good job to ensure a good start of the new journey in the new era.
At the graduation ceremony, 10 representatives of the class made speeches to report and exchange their learning achievements.
Cai Qi said that studying and implementing the thought of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress is the primary political task at present and in the future, as well as a long-term strategic task. We should push forward the study and implementation of the work to go deeper, go further, and go to the heart according to the requirements of “comprehensive study, comprehensive understanding, and comprehensive implementation”.
We must deeply understand the decisive significance of the “two establishments”, resolutely uphold the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, uphold the authority and centralized unified leadership of the Party Central Committee, continuously improve our political judgment, political insight and political execution, and always maintain high consistency in thought, politics and action with the Party Central Committee with Xi Jinping as the core.
We must strive to master the core competence of Marxism, consciously use the innovative theories of the Party to guide our practice and work, and make efforts in deep learning, careful thinking and sincere practice, so as to truly learn to have firm belief, absolute loyalty and a sense of mission.
We must implement the decisions and plans of the 20th CPC National Congress with a spirit of hard work, solidly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves and work hard, take the lead as “construction team leaders”, and turn the blueprint into reality step by step.
We must remember that comprehensive strict governance of the party is a never-ending journey, and the self-revolution of the party is a never-ending journey. We must press forward with the political responsibility of comprehensive strict governance of the party, and take party political construction as the mainstay to promote the new great work of party construction in the new era.
We must enhance our abilities to promote high-quality development, serve the people, and prevent and resolve risks, and we must promote the spirit of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Tai-feng, Li Gan-jie, Li Shu-liao, Chen Wen-qing, Liu Jin-guo, Wang Xiao-hong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the ceremony.
Google AI chatbot “gives wrong answers” and parent company’s stock value evaporates by billions of US dollars
(Comprehensive report on the 11th)
Google’s newly launched artificial intelligence chatbot Bard was unsuccessful in its debut, “answering the question wrong” in a promotional video, causing the stock price of Google’s parent company Alphabet to plummet by 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark, with a market value of $110 billion (about RM476.5 billion) evaporating, and closing at $94.57 by Friday.
The market is concerned that Alphabet is not as good as its competitor Microsoft.
According to Reuters, Google released a promotional video of AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier, in which someone asked Bard, “Can I tell my 9-year-old about the new discoveries of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?”
Bard mentioned in his answer that the telescope had taken the first photo of an extrasolar planet.
However, according to NASA, the first photo of an extrasolar planet was taken by the Very Large Telescope of the European Southern Observatory in 2004.
Reuters even reported the story with the headline "Alphabet shares plunge after Bard's wrong answer."
On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response "highlights the importance of the strict testing process", and will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets high standards in terms of quality, safety and authentic information".
Singapore's tourism industry has recovered strongly, with the number of inbound tourists increasing 19 times in 2021
(Comprehensive report on the 11th) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore is expected to reach 12 million to 14 million in 2023, which will bring about SGD 18 billion to SGD 21 billion in tourism revenue; the number of tourists and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of the level before the COVID-19 epidemic in 2019; the tourism industry is likely to fully recover in 2024.
The Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover in 2022.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, the number of inbound tourists in 2022 increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million, exceeding the 4 million to 6 million tourists estimated by the Tourism Board earlier, and the number of tourists has recovered to 33% of the pre-pandemic level.
From January to September 2022, the tourism revenue of Singapore was SGD8.96 billion. It is expected that the tourism revenue in 2022 will reach SGD13.8 billion to SGD14.3 billion, which is 6 to 7 times that of SGD1.89 billion in 2021, and has recovered to about 50% to 52% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019.
The Singaporean government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced the allocation of nearly NZ$500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Board recently announced that it plans to allocate NZ$110 million from this budget in the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists to return.
In order to make health and wellness one of the highlights of Singapore's tourism, the Singapore Tourism Board issued a preliminary collection activity on November 23, 2022, to develop a health and wellness site on the southern coast of Singapore.
According to Liang Lili, executive director of sports and health tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, in recent years, more and more tourists have put their health first among all considerations.
The development of a health and wellness site in the southern coastal area, which has a bay garden and a coastal embankment, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, allowing tourists to spend more time and money in Singapore.
Singapore Tourism Board CEO Keith Tan said that health and wellness will become an important component of Singapore's tourism products in the next few years.
The COVID-19 pandemic has raised public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
For this reason, the Tourism Bureau has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists over the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health and Wellness Festival, providing more than 130 kinds of health activities and experiences for the public.
Singapore will continue to provide new travel experiences for tourists.
In addition to the newly opened Children’s Museum in Singapore, Avatar World in Bayfront Garden, Sentosa Central Beach Market, and the newly added “Explore New Fields” exhibition hall in the Art Science Museum, as well as the newly built open-air theater in the Night Safari, the Tourism Board will support the development and upgrading of projects such as the Bird Park in the Wildlife World, so as to make Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will formulate relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive tourism industry within 2023, and focus on improving the problems of waste disposal and carbon emissions, so as to further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
Data shows that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with daily passenger traffic reaching 150,000 and weekly passenger traffic reaching about 1 million, which is equivalent to about 75% of the pre-pandemic level, and the number of airline employees on duty has also recovered to about 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
Data shows that from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million tourists, which is equivalent to 42% of the number before the COVID-19 pandemic, and 170,000 take-off and landing flights, which is 53% of the number before the pandemic.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry also drives the recovery of the accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping industries.
The Singapore government and tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
According to a survey by a Chinese travel platform, Singapore's safety index ranks among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is popular among Chinese tourists, said Shu-dan Ke, Assistant Director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board.
Before the COVID-19 epidemic, about 3.6 million Chinese people traveled to Singapore for vacation every year.
With China relaxing its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to between one-third and one-half of the 2019 level this year.
Ko Shu-tan pointed out that in the future, the Tourism Bureau will closely monitor the signals of China's further release of policies on outbound travel to cope with the changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in outbound tourism in China.
Looking forward to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the global economy will recover faster than expected as long as there is no significant recession affecting public income and no new large-scale deadly pandemic outbreaks.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter interacted closely, while his wife was ignored on the side.
(Comprehensive report on the 11th) North Korea held a military parade on the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army on the evening of the 8th, and Kim Jong-un's daughter Kim Jong-un attended the parade and stood on the podium with her father.
On the 9th, the North Korean media released a video showing Kim Jong-un hugging his father, looking at him affectionately and whispering, and she gently caressed her father’s cheeks with her hands, and even touched her father’s chest. The father-daughter interaction was broadcasted throughout the country.
However, First Lady Li Xuezhong could only stand aside.
According to Korean media such as “Chosun News”, on the 7th, Kim Jong-un and his wife Ri Sol-ju attended a banquet with their daughter Kim Ju-ae. Kim Ju-ae not only sat in the middle position C between her parents, but also stood on the podium with Kim Jong-un at the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army parade the next night.
The North Korean state media, the Korean Central Television, later released the footage of the parade, which exposed more scenes of father-daughter intimacy.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times from the podium, and the smile on their faces never faded. They also whispered to each other, and Kim Jong-un held his father's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un responded with a bright smile.
Other official media pictures also show that Kim Yo-jong kept touching her father's face with her hand when she was sitting on the sofa with Kim Jong-un; she touched Kim Jong-un's chest with her hand while walking with her father.
However, the First Lady, Li Xuezhu, could only walk behind or sit on the side throughout the process, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
The Korean media pointed out that since the main sponsor appeared in public for the first time since the test launch of the Mars-17 missile on November 18 last year, the exposure rate has been increasing for three months, and it is the fifth time to appear in a formal occasion.
The North Korean state media referred to Kim Jong-un as the most beloved son, the most precious son, etc. They also broadcasted the scene where Kim Jong-un repeatedly shouted his loyalty to the bloodline of the white-haired ancestors while overlooking the military parade from the stands.
These signs make people doubt whether Kim Jong-un has been predetermined as the successor of the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that “this is a signal that Kim Jong-un has promoted his daughter, who is in high school, to the position of successor”, but some people think that such judgment is too early, and there are still various possibilities in the situation where Kim Jong-un has a son.
Questions and Answers on the Double Ninth Festival | How to view the US non-farm employment data in January and the future trend - Economic Observation Network - professional financial news website
Q: How does Rongtong Investment view the US non-farm employment data in January and the future trend?
A: On February 3, the US Department of Labor released the non-farm employment data for January 2023. The non-farm employment increased by 517,000, which was significantly higher than the market expectation of 189,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, which was the lowest in nearly 50 years; the hourly wage rose by 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, which was slightly slower.
From the overall perspective, there are many one-time and technical factors that disturb the data, such as returning teachers after the strike, the revision of the survey and statistical scope, and the update of the seasonal factor; the data may be revised later (refer to the revision from 50.4 thousand to 36.4 thousand in January 2022), and the non-agricultural employment may not be as strong as the data shows.
In terms of structure, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still there, but the proportion is low; high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and healthcare have seen a significant rebound in new employment, and data shows that there is still a labor gap in the service industry.
Combined with the rapid recovery of the service industry PMI, job vacancies and labor shortage data, and the strong data of consumer credit, we judge that the US service industry has experienced rapid recovery after the extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the tight supply and demand of the US employment market cannot be improved without a recession.
Currently, there is a supply gap of more than 5 million in the US labor market, and the labor participation rate is slow to rise, especially the labor participation rate of 25-54 years old is close to the pre-epidemic peak.
In addition, the strong consumer demand due to the excessive savings and strong consumer credit of US residents will further delay the impact of the contraction policy on the employment market.
The tight supply and demand in the US job market will be the backdrop of the US economy in 2023.
Coupled with the fact that the interest rate hike is coming to an end and inflation expectations are constantly fluctuating, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Before the data was released, the US stock, bond and foreign exchange markets were overly optimistic about the Fed's interest rate hike path.
As inflation data continues to improve, the Fed is shortening the pace of interest rate hikes while maintaining the fragile balance of market inflation expectations. However, the market ignores the Fed's hawkish statements and expects not only to stop raising interest rates but also to cut interest rates twice by the end of the year.
In the tight labor market and the uncertain impact of the tightening policy, we think that the Fed's guidance on interest rate hike at the end of the year is relatively reasonable, and the adjustment of the market's extreme expectation and the crowding of transactions may cause certain damage to the market.
However, the stubborn increase in salaries is difficult to change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. Since October, the CPI data in the United States has turned to a rapid decline phase, and with the annualized M2 data and the gradual improvement of various CPI sub-leading indicators, the stubborn increase in salaries will only support the subsequent inflation data. The current market expectations are difficult to prove, and the market may enter a new round of bargaining after the next inflation data is released.
Founder of Xin Xin Zeng Yonggang passed away due to sudden heart disease; he once led China’s first clothing company to transform - Economic Observation Network - professional financial news website
Economic Observer reporter Zheng Weixin On February 11, the WeChat public account certified by Sun Sun Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Sun Sun Holdings”) published an obituary, stating that Sun Sun Enterprise founder and Sun Sun Holdings Board Chairman Zheng Yonggang died of sudden heart disease on February 10, 2023, at the age of 65.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yongang served as the factory director of the state-owned cotton spinning factory. With his transfer, Zheng Yongang became the factory director of Ningbo Yun Hang Clothing General Factory, the predecessor of Sun Sun Holdings, in 1989.
In December 2022, at the 20th China Enterprise Leaders Annual Conference and the 22nd China Enterprise Future Stars Annual Conference, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that the market share of the Xing Xing brand in the Chinese business suit market in the 1990s was as high as 37%.
In 1996, Sunshine Group (600884.SH) was listed, becoming the first listed company in China's clothing industry.
Just when the clothing business was booming, Sun Sun Group began to transform because Zheng Yonggang realized that “once the market is opened up, Chinese brands will naturally form a tiered brand market, and it is unlikely that Sun Sun suits will always be the leader and become the national suit of the Chinese people for a long time”.
In 1999, Sun Sun began to study enterprise transformation. Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, “We came to Shanghai to seek what to transform into, and we specifically found many experts and scholars, and held some Zhuge Liang meetings and Wu Xu research meetings.
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is big health with a future. ”
After the strategic direction was determined, Sun Sun began to look for cooperation. At that time, the Anthracite Research Institute of Anshan Thermal Power Research Institute, which was affiliated to Anshan Iron and Steel Group, was doing a national 863 project, and the research funds were not enough. Therefore, Sun Sun and the Anthracite Research Institute of Anshan Thermal Power Research Institute signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the "coke microsphere intermediate phase" project of the national 863 project, and to engage in the R&D, production and sales of negative electrode materials, and to promote the commercial use of negative electrode materials in China.
In 2001, Sun Sun achieved the scale production of intermediate carbon microspheres and began to replace imported products, becoming the main supplier of intermediate carbon microspheres in China, replacing Japan.
This is China’s first lithium-ion battery negative material production enterprise, which has achieved the localization of lithium-ion battery negative materials.
As the application of lithium batteries has become widespread, the lithium battery business of Sun Sun Holdings has gradually developed. In 2007, the lithium material business was written into the main business of Sun Sun Holdings, and the revenue of the clothing business has been decreasing year by year, until 2013, the revenue of the lithium material business of Sun Sun Holdings has surpassed that of the clothing business.
In February 2021, Sunny Optical successfully acquired the polarizing film business of LG Chem and entered the LCD polarizing film market, and established Sunny Optical Technology, a polarizing film company. The technical content of this field is relatively high, and Sunny Optical’s main competitors are all Fortune 500 companies, such as Samsung of South Korea, Sumitomo Chemical of Japan, and Denso Corporation of Japan.
Zheng Yonggang once shared his experience in post-investment management, “The probability of Chinese private enterprises acquiring some high-tech enterprises in the international market is relatively low. Why do these acquisitions fail?
Because everyone would consider, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to manage it, this is a common behavior, "however, Zheng Yonggang is different, on the day when Sun Sun was successfully acquired, Zheng Yonggang announced in public at Sun Jinjian that Sun Sun, as the major shareholder of Sun Jin, decided to implement one enterprise and two systems, except that Zheng Yonggang was appointed as the chairman, no one from Sun Sun Enterprise was sent to Sun Jin, and the management was authorized, and the original distribution system, corporate culture, management mode and so on would not change.
According to the negative data released by ICC Xinsheng Information in 2022, the shipment of Shan Shan negative electrode in 2022 exceeded 200,000 tons, with a year-on-year increase of 100%, and the market share reached 16%. The shipment of artificial graphite negative electrode material ranked first.
In the polarizing film business, Yano Research statistics show that the global market share of Sun Glass Optoelectronics, a subsidiary of the company, reached 29% in 2022, and is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Sun's revenue was 15.841 billion yuan and net profit was 2.313 billion yuan. On February 10, Sun's share price was 19.24 yuan/share, with a total market value of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Starboard said on the interactive platform that the company’s effective graphitization capacity was about 100,000 tons by the end of 2022, and the graphitization capacity of the Meishan project was still under construction.
Wandex shows that Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and the actual controller of Sun’s Holding.
According to Tianyancha, Zheng Yongang holds a total equity proportion of 40.1% in Sun Sun Holdings Limited.
The general manager of Sun Sun Holdings is Li Zhizhua, born in 1968, who has served as the chairman of Dongguan Sun Sun Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Sun Sun New Materials Science and Technology Co., Ltd., and Hunan Sun Sun Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and the vice general manager of Ningbo Sun Sun Holdings Co., Ltd.
Suning.com said on February 10 on the investor interaction platform that there is no familial relationship between the senior management of the company and the actual controller of the company.
“Fund E account” is here: the China Securities Regulatory Commission authorizes the development of the collection and query of all funds in the name of investors - Economic Observation Network - professional financial news website
Economic Observer reporter Chen Shan, the complexity of the fund purchase channels makes it difficult to collect account information?
Always forget the “little treasury”?
These issues for the Christian Democrats are about to be resolved.
On February 10, the China Securities Regulatory Commission announced that the “Fund E Account” APP was launched on various mobile application stores and started public trial operation.
It is reported that the “Fund E Account” provides individual investors with a “one-stop” inquiry service for public fund accounts and share information, aiming to solve the industry service pain points such as forgetting accounts and complicated inquiry for the majority of small and medium investors.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were 156 public fund management companies in China, with a fund management scale of about RMB2.6 trillion; there were 167 public fund share registration institutions and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The account systems of various share registration institutions are independent of each other, and there is a lack of industry-wide unified channels for inquiry.
Some industry insiders said that by the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in China, which means that half of the population in the country invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to check the purchase status through different sales institutions, while through the "Fund E-Account", they can check the purchase status of all sales channels, and the fund holding status is clear at a glance.
What is the “Fund E Account” APP?
According to the relevant documents, the “Fund E Account” APP is a mobile application of the public fund industry portal developed and built by China Clearing with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, which can provide investors with one-stop inquiry of the off-market share holding of all public fund products.
Investors can conveniently and quickly grasp their holdings of public fund products of fund managers through all sales channels in the market through the “Fund E-Account”, which will comprehensively improve the efficiency of inquiry.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through the “Fund E-Account” includes the fund account information opened with all public fund managers in the market, the trading account information opened with public fund sales institutions, and the information of the out-of-market shareholding of products including publicly offered securities investment funds and collective asset management plans established and managed by securities companies, with no limit on the number of investors.
Liu Yiqian, the person in charge of business of Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told the reporter of Economic Observation Network that investors can get to know all their holdings of publicly offered funds outside the exchange through the “Fund E Account” App, which can help them find their “forgotten assets”, and more importantly, it can help customers collect comprehensive information of their fund investment, so that customers can grasp their investment situation more timely, accurately and completely, and optimize their fund portfolio and financial arrangement.
How to register and use?
The reporter noticed that the “Fund E Account” APP has been listed in the app stores of Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and vivo, but the APP is still in the public trial operation phase, and registration requires filling in an invitation code, which investors can obtain by contacting the fund manager of the fund they hold.
A customer service staff of a large public fund in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to the reporter of Economic Observer and told the reporter, “During the trial operation phase of the APP, China Clearing provides a certain number of invitation codes to each fund manager, and investors can get them by calling us.
After the trial operation is completed, users will no longer need an invitation code to register.
”
The reporter registered the account and completed the query according to the relevant documents of the "E-account of the fund" downloaded from the official website of the CSRC, and the whole process took only a few minutes. It mainly includes four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, and public fund query.
After the real-name authentication, click the “Asset” button to bind the fund, and all the fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms will be displayed in the binding option list (accounts that can be bound), and after the binding is completed, the total assets of the fund can be directly seen, and the query function can be used.
It is worth noting that the “Fund E Account” only provides investors with query services, and cannot be used for redemption and trading.
The data date displayed in the “Fund E Account” is generally three trading days before the date (T day) when the user conducts the query.
For example, if you open the “Fund E Account” on February 10, the total assets, fund shares and fund net value displayed on the asset page correspond to the date three trading days before that date, i.e., February 7.
Copyright statement: The above content is an original work of Economic Observer, and the copyright belongs to Economic Observer.
Without authorization from Caixin Media, it is strictly prohibited to reprint or mirror, otherwise the legal liability will be pursued according to law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
United against the CCP, the US, Japan and the Philippines reached a consensus on defense.
Asia - On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan and met with Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP’s invasion of the South China Sea and the East China Sea. The Philippine and Japanese leaders issued a joint statement after the meeting, saying that they would carry out substantive defense exchanges by signing a trilateral defense agreement with the United States to oppose the hegemonic policy of the CCP.
According to Japanese media, Kishida hopes to help Japan and the Philippines establish a policy to deal with the crisis in the Taiwan Strait through this meeting.
Small Marcos visited China in early January this year and obtained an agreement worth 20 billion US dollars.
However, after that, the Sino-Philippine relations not only did not improve, but instead deteriorated.
Earlier this month, the Philippines and the United States signed an agreement to open more bases to the US military to safeguard the security of the South China Sea.
The newly added base is 300 kilometers away from Taiwan, which is the closest place to China.
If Taiwan is in crisis, the US military may launch operations from bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States to build a “counter-CCP arc” in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
KMT Vice Chairman Xia Lilin conveyed the message of Song Taotai to China: welcome the Green Camp to visit Taiwan under the 1992 Consensus
Xia Liyuan, the vice chairman of the Kuomintang of China in Taiwan, met with Song Tao, director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, and Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, during his visit to China.
Zhao Chunshan, senior advisor of the Kuomintang's official institution, the National Policy Foundation, gave a positive evaluation of what Song Taoran said about Xia Lilin, saying that as long as one recognizes the "Nine Two Consensus" and is against Taiwan independence, China welcomes the visit of Green camp members to the mainland.
The KMT side commented that it was a fresh thing.
The news report of the meeting between Xia Lilin and Song Defu did not mention this statement.
The ruling Democratic Progressive Party of Taiwan has clarified for days that it refuses to accept the “1992 Consensus”.
According to the Central News Agency today, the Kuomintang Vice Chairman Xia Lilin led a delegation to visit the mainland and met with Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, and Song Tao, the new director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, during his stay in Beijing.
Xia Lilin and Song Tao met and talked about the political foundation of the Kuomintang-Communist Party being the “1992 Consensus” and anti-Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, senior advisor of the National Policy Foundation of the Kuomintang, said at the meeting that the “1992 Consensus” of the Kuomintang was the original “1992 Consensus”.
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this was different from the feeling of the previous meetings.
In the recent video seminars with scholars in mainland China, and in this seminar, I did not hear any mention of Taiwan scholars talking about military unification and the “anti-secession law”, but instead, there was a restoration of communication and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the situation between the two sides was tense and that the mainland hoped to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the Kuomintang and the DPP, the other party is still willing to do a good job for the people of Taiwan, and the representative does not want the cross-strait relations to be ruined.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also instructed Song Taotao in person to tell him, “You must implement the demands they (Taiwanese farmers and fishermen) have raised”, and if it is not possible to solve the problem comprehensively, it should be handled on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the KMT members mentioned the daily harassment of Taiwan by Chinese military aircraft and ships, the agricultural and fishery problems in some counties and cities in Taiwan, and whether the reporter from the Central News Agency asked questions about these issues during the interview.
French unions again mobilize against government pension reform plan
On Saturday (February 11), French unions launched a national mobilization against the government's pension reform bill, calling on the public to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of social unrest against the government's draft pension reform.
The number of people who respond to the call for the rally may affect the next action plan of the trade union group.
This is the fourth time that the eight major trade union groups in France have jointly launched a national mobilization in a month, and it is also the first time that the protest activities have been arranged on Saturday.
Given that Saturday is a day off for most French people, they do not need to choose between participating in protests or going on strike, and trade union groups therefore hope that today's rally will attract more people to participate.
The unions of the subway system, the metro and the public railway company did not call for a strike today, and the subway system should be able to operate normally, and citizens can take the subway to the rally site, and at the same time, people in the areas where schools start winter vacation can start their holidays normally.
The trade union groups hope that more than one million people will participate in the rally today, and the national participation expected by the police may be between 600,000 and 800,000, and 90,000 to 120,000 people may gather in the Paris area.
Since the protests against the government's pension reform program began, although polls show that most French people do not support the measure to raise the statutory retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people who actually take to the streets to participate in the demonstrations has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 gathered 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of protesters on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
The pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition party, especially the opposition group led by the radical left, submitted countless amendment proposals, which slowed down the review process.
The debate between the two parties is also becoming more intense.
A member of the French National Assembly of the radical left-wing party France Insoumise recently posted a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the image of the Minister of Labor on social media, which triggered protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly finally announced that the MP would be banned from parliamentary activities for 15 days as a punishment for this behavior.
Although this reform program has triggered the largest social movement in France in more than 20 years, the government has not made any major concessions so far, although it has made some adjustments to the draft.
The unions are preparing to launch another action on Thursday, 16th, and on March 7, when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion, the unions also plan to organize protests.
China encourages raising birth rate, and urges universities to donate sperm with high quality and standards.
On the 9th, the Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province in China issued a publicity announcement to recruit donors with a college degree or above, and those who donate sperm successfully 8 to 12 times can receive a subsidy of 4,500 yuan.
According to Taiwan media reports today, the message was trending on Weibo on the same day and triggered many provinces and cities such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing to follow up on the initiative.
According to a signed report by Liberty Times, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
The threshold for sperm donation in universities in different regions is the highest in Beijing. In addition to academic qualifications, the height must be over 170 cm, facial features must be well-proportioned, there must be no obvious hair loss, and the degree of myopia must not exceed 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Yunnan Human Sperm Bank pointed out that sperm donors can get a full set of urological examination worth 1,000 yuan, "especially the sperm and chromosome tests, most people have never done them before, which is of great significance to understand their own reproductive status."
The conditions for sperm donors include being over 165 cm tall, having a college degree or above or being a student, and not being color blind, having genetic diseases or infectious diseases such as B hepatitis.
The report quoted a message from Tianmu News in China, saying that Shaanxi Province Human Sperm Bank has a promotional poster that reads “Paid sperm donation, unlimited honor”, calling on young people to donate sperm and encouraging netizens to forward the relevant information and “let love spread”.
The price in Shaanxi is higher than that in Yunnan. Those who pass the examination can receive RMB 300 in cash each time, and those who donate sperm for a certain number of times can receive a subsidy of RMB 5,000.
The highest price tag is currently in Beijing, with the highest subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
East Germany's last communist leader dies
The successor of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that "last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
So, we lost an important leader of our party.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the Berlin Wall was opened, separating East Berlin and West Berlin for 28 years, Modrow said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.
At the time, communist leaders were forced from power by protesters across East Germany demanding democracy and freedom.
Mikhail Gorbachev, after coming to power in the Soviet Union, called for change in the Soviet-dominated East.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election result meant he was no longer prime minister.
Despite Modrow's reforms, opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and unification that took place in October 1990.
He was also criticized for trying to reshape rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modrow was convicted of electoral fraud in the municipal elections in May 1989, but did not go to prison.
Some have called the charges politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament, and from 1999 to 2004, he served as a member of the European Parliament.
Modrow saw himself as a reformer and wanted to change the communist party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany back, but said that East Germany's achievements should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz, now Jasienica in Poland, and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader in the youth fire brigade and, near the end of the conflict, became a member of the Nazi militia organization Volkssturm, which conscripted men between the ages of 16 and 60 to fight in the final struggle.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by the Soviet army and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he attended anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he returned to the country and found a job as a mechanic, while continuing to study social sciences and economics, and earning a doctorate.
Modrow was a functionary of the Free German Youth, which almost all East German young people joined, and rose to become the chairman of the party in Dresden between 1973 and 1989 through the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED).
He also served in the East German parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state office.
Iran marks revolution anniversary as hackers interrupt president's TV address in support of protests
Iran's Islamic Republic marked the 44th anniversary of its revolution with official ceremonies on Saturday, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted a televised speech by President Hassan Rouhani.
The president's live television address was interrupted on the internet for about a minute, with the screen displaying the logo of a group of anti-Iranian government hackers called "Edalat Ali" (Ali's Justice).
There was also a voice shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic."
According to a report by Reuters today, Iran commemorated the anniversary of the revolution, and hackers interrupted the national television report.
Iranian officials marked the 44th anniversary of the Islamic Revolution as hard-line government in Rasht faced the boldest challenge yet from young protesters demanding their ouster, but Rasht still called on "deceived youth" to repent so they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
Nationwide protests continue in Iran after the death in September of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini in the custody of the country's morality police.
Iran's security forces have responded with deadly force to the protests, one of the biggest challenges to the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution toppled 2,500 years of monarchy.
As part of a mass amnesty to mark the anniversary of the revolution, Iranian authorities on Friday freed jailed dissident Fahad Messaoudi and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelkhah, who had been on hunger strike.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued a pardon that included some prisoners arrested in recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters have been killed, including 71 minors, according to human rights organization HRANA.
The report said 70 government security personnel were also killed.
Up to 19,763 protesters were arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and state media have called for a show of support for the government and against the protests at Saturday's gathering.
On Friday night, the anniversary of the Iranian revolution, state media showed fireworks as part of government-sponsored celebrations, with people chanting "Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!)”
However, many people shouted "Death to the dictator" at the rally.
” and “Death to the Islamic Republic” in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, state-run television broadcast live footage of official gatherings across the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, domestically produced ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine frigates and other military equipment were displayed.
President Lacy's speech was frequently interrupted by chants of "USA die" - a signature chant at state rallies.
The crowd also chanted "Death to Israel."
Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months, Reuters said.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on charges of national security.
They later put her under house arrest, but she returned to prison in January.
Adelkhah has denied the charges.
A week before his release, supporters warned that he was at risk of dying from his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of headscarves.
France's foreign ministry on Friday welcomed Adelkhah's release and called for her freedom to be restored, "including, if she so wishes, by allowing her to return to France."
”
Did the balloon incident make America look better?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a report by the Wall Street Journal today, after the balloon incident, the United States is preparing to further tighten its export of technology to China.
Current and former security officials said the balloon incident highlights the national security threat posed by China and will generate more political support for strengthening U.S. technology protections.
The United States said that the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence collection and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior official of the US Central Intelligence Agency and now working at the Washington think tank, the New American Security Center.
"This undoubtedly adds fuel to the fire and supports the view of the hardliners on China."
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters Thursday that "we will also consider broader actions to expose and confront China's broader surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security as well as that of our allies and partners.
"US officials said they had briefed the governments of more than 30 countries on the balloon incident, and international coordination is crucial to counter China's threats.
Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Select Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party of the US House of Representatives may also put pressure on the United States to take tougher measures to slow down China's development.
She said that members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which may in turn force the White House to adopt a tougher policy.
The Wall Street Journal said that many people who advocate stricter export controls are also pushing for the expansion of the scope of control to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The US government has also been developing a foreign investment review plan to examine whether the US investment overseas has potential national security threats from China.
Analysts said that the White House may face calls to push out the plan faster.
Earthquake relief in Syria and Turkey continues day and night
Since the strong earthquake occurred between Turkey and Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working day and night in the ruins of thousands of collapsed buildings to rescue survivors buried under the rubble.
In the frigid temperatures, they often pleaded for quiet, straining to hear any sign of life amid the rubble of the collapsed concrete.
According to a report by Reuters today, two more women were rescued after surviving for several days in the rubble of the earthquake.
But the death toll from the earthquake rose to 24,150.
Turkey has 20,665 deaths and Syria has more than 3,500 deaths.
The 7.8-magnitude earthquake that struck on Monday continued to trigger strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, making it the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan and approaching the 31,000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
A similar strong earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years, Turkish authorities said Saturday, as rescuers pulled them from the rubble of a collapsed building in Turkey.
Another of the injured, 55-year-old Masallah Cicek, was pulled from the rubble of a collapsed building in the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir.
In the frigid temperatures, rescuers often pleaded for silence, straining to hear any sign of life amid the rubble of collapsed concrete.
In Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers crouched beneath concrete slabs, whispering "Inshallah" - "God willing" - as they carefully reached into the rubble to pull out a 10-day-old newborn.
He opened his eyes wide as the baby, Yagiz Ulas, was wrapped in a blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video footage showed paramedics also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale on the stretcher but conscious.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours and that 31,000 rescue workers had been deployed in the disaster area.
He said that about 80,000 people were receiving treatment in hospitals, and 1.05 million people were homeless due to the earthquake, and they were crowded in temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, the public is increasingly questioning the response of the two countries' leaders to disaster relief.
Syrian state media said President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma visited a hospital in Aleppo, reportedly his first trip to the disaster zone since the quake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said that due to the war situation, the relief work became complicated and its stock in the northwest of Syria controlled by the rebels was about to run out.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adiyaman province, where he acknowledged that the government's response has not been as fast as expected.
Opponents have seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is running for re-election in a vote on May 14 that could be delayed by the disaster.
According to Reuters, the anger over the delay in providing aid and launching rescue work may affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the toughest challenge for Erdogan in his two decades in power.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called "negative campaigns for political gain."
The leader of Turkey's main opposition party, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, criticized the government's response.
Critics said, “The earthquake was big, but what is more serious than the earthquake is the lack of coordination, planning and incompetence.
”
VNA Hanoi - VNA correspondent in Brunei Darussalam reported that on the morning of February 11, during his visit to Brunei Darussalam, Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, also known as "Brunei University").
Universiti Brunei Darussalam is the largest higher education and research center in Brunei, and ranks third in the university rankings in the region.
Universiti Brunei Darussalam is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
In July 2013, Brunei University officially established cooperative relations with FPT University in Vietnam, with English training as the main area of cooperation.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese and Korean, Vietnamese is also included in the teaching curriculum of Universiti Brunei Darussalam.
During his visit to the University of Brunei Darussalam, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh and his wife had an exchange with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc is happy to see more and more foreigners learning Vietnamese, which will make positive contributions to promoting Vietnamese culture and customs to the world.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng said that he believed and hoped that the Vietnamese language teaching team of Brunei University would become stronger and stronger; the students of the Vietnamese language class would be more interested in Vietnamese and try their best to learn Vietnamese, so that they could use fluent Vietnamese as soon as possible and become the messenger of the friendly cooperation between the two countries.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also communicated with Vietnamese students studying English at FPT-UBD Global Center in Long Xuyen via video, to learn about their learning situation, especially during the pandemic.
According to Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, the cooperation between Vietnam’s FPT University and Brunei University, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the educational cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei.
It is hoped that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly cooperation between the two countries.
During the discussion with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh highly appreciated the achievements of the two countries in educational cooperation, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, and the initiative of the University of Brunei to include Vietnamese language in the teaching curriculum.
Prime Minister Fang Mingzheng hopes that Brunei University will continue to pay attention to ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the scale of Vietnamese classes.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung also highly praised the positive results of the cooperation between the two countries based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation signed in April 2014; he suggested that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training projects, such as the Global Discovery Programme and Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh highly appreciated the establishment of the first branch of Brunei University in Vietnam; he believed that the university would become more and more powerful in the region and the world; and further expand cooperation with Vietnamese universities.
On this occasion, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife planted a commemorative tree in the campus of Brunei University and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Fang Mingzheng wished that Universiti Brunei Darussalam would continue to develop and make greater contributions to the education cause of Brunei, and also hoped that it would carry out deeper and wider cooperation with educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(完)
Vietnam News Agency
VNA Hanoi - VNA correspondent reported that the official visit of Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his wife to Singapore and Brunei was a complete success and achieved comprehensive, pragmatic and specific results.
During the three-day visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements have injected new impetus into promoting the strategic partnership between Vietnam and China and the comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and China in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh continued to reiterate Vietnam's foreign policy, namely independence, pluralism, diversity, and willingness to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries and a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of both countries, and is committed to promoting the well-being of the people of both countries and to regional and world peace, stability and development.
At various meetings and talks, Prime Minister Phạm Minh Chính and leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to strengthen political mutual trust with Vietnam through high-level visits, effective implementation of bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
The Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership with Singapore and the Action Plan to Strengthen Comprehensive Partnership with Brunei in the 2023-2027 Phase are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed the Memorandum of Understanding on the Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Photo from VNA
During the meeting with business leaders, the roundtable conference or the attendance of the economic forum, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates favorable conditions for Singapore and Brunei enterprises to expand investment in Vietnam in the fields of digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity.
This visit not only helps deepen the cooperation between Vietnam and Singapore and Brunei in traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also creates a cooperation framework for the countries in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
Brunei King Hassanal Bolkiah and Premier Wen Jiabao were preparing to enter the bilateral talks.
Photo from VNA
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the Vietnamese community living there.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh suggested that the authorities of the two countries should pay more attention to the fair treatment of the Vietnamese community in the local area, create favorable conditions for the Vietnamese community to contribute to the local society and cultivate the relationship between the two countries.
The proposal was agreed and supported by the leaders of the two countries.
In particular, Premier Fan shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; and agreed to maintain unity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance the central role of ASEAN in the complex and changing regional and international situation.
With the important achievements, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc's official visit to Singapore and Brunei will effectively implement the 13th CPC National Congress to strengthen relations with ASEAN neighbors as a priority of foreign policy, effectively implement the 12th conclusion of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee on overseas Vietnamese work in the new situation (12-KL/TW), and make positive contributions to the strength of national unity.
(完)
What was the "object" shot down over Alaska?
Confused and speculation abounds.
The US military used the most advanced stealth fighter jet F-22 to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska in the United States on Friday afternoon (February 10).
The downed plane was 10 miles off the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time that the US military has shot down an airborne object in less than a week.
Last Saturday, a Chinese spy balloon drifted in the airspace of the United States for several days and was shot down over the coast of South Carolina, USA.
The Pentagon said that the second object was shot down on Thursday night for the first time when it entered the airspace of the United States, and was tracked by the US military while moving over northeastern Alaska at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet), which is about the size of a small car, much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also believes that there is no evidence to suggest that the object is maneuverable.
John Cobb, the White House National Security Council's strategic communications coordinator, said on Friday that although the specific appearance of this object flying at high altitude was not clear, it "posed a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation."
Kobe said that this object was different from the spy balloon found in the United States, and there was no "payload" hanging on it.
"We call it an 'object' and that's the best description we can give it right now," Kobe said.
Biden consulted with the Pentagon before ordering the object shot down, and he was "very deliberate" in making the decision, Cobb added.
The official description of the object in the United States can be summarized as follows: it is about the size of a small car, has no control stick, no suspension device, and flies at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But the information still cannot answer the basic questions, such as what is the object, which country does it belong to, and what is its mission.
Many analysts and speculators online believe that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It may be from China, like the spy balloon that invaded the airspace of the United States and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, and they are carrying out some tasks at different locations.
Some people also linked this "object" in Alaska with "unidentified flying objects" (UFOs).
The report of the US Newsweek quoted Peter Meijer, former US Congressman, as saying on Twitter on Friday that "I really hope this 'unknown flying object' is also a spy balloon, not a legitimate UFO."
"The irony of confusing an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth starting an intergalactic conflict," Mayer said.
Mejia posted the tweet shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said that it was not just Meier who suspected that the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Congressman Tim Burchett criticized the government's cover-up of intelligence last month and demanded that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
Amazon's customer service is hard to believe.
I guess very few people have seen this, but I'll say a little bit about it.
The dress was a zip-up jacket when we bought it, but it was delivered to me as a short-sleeved one.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service, and they confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I asked for an exchange, and the customer service said they would solve the problem, and then I immediately saw that the name of the product had changed to short-sleeved, and the link I bought was taken down.
Then the customer service representative informed me that I could either keep the product and receive a certain amount of compensation or return the product.
Is this how Amazon handles things?
It's really hard to believe that the wrong clothes were not my fault, and as a consumer, I demand to get the goods I should get, and I didn't make any outrageous demands, but Amazon changed the name and said there was no stock.
This is my first long review, I hope it won’t be my last.
Sleeves that are incomprehensible
It is said to be made of cowhide, but it is actually quite hard. If you look closely, there are many small cracks on the surface, and it is not clear whether it is genuine leather. Moreover, the sleeves of this jacket are really incomprehensible. The sleeves of a jacket are usually longer than the garment itself, but this jacket is 5 cm longer. When your arms are hanging down naturally, they should be at the position of the wrist, but the sleeves of this jacket cover your fingers.
It is easy to buy clothes and it is easy to return them.
But when will the money be returned?
The clothes are well made, but because the size is small, I had to return them, but after returning the clothes, more than a week has passed, and I have not received a refund yet?
And the buyer has to contact the unreliable company himself, which is the worst shopping experience since I bought the item from Amazon!
However, the store was still good, actively cooperated with me to urge the courier to refund in time, but the whole peak courier was really angry, and it took half a month to refund, this kind of partner is to drag Amazon’s legs, and the work efficiency is poor, and there is no service awareness!
More suitable for young people
It was a 99-second kill.
The workmanship, color and feel of the woolen pants are all good, soft/thin and moderate, without any kerosene smell.
Unfortunately, the style is slim, which is more suitable for young people.
3XL, waistline 2ft 5in, stretched to 4ft, 1.79/80kg, wearing the waist is a bit tight.
There seems to be no elastic band at the waist, and it is quite difficult to loosen the waistline.
Also, wearing it is uncomfortable.
Good, not very bright colors.
It has risen by more than 200 yuan since I bought it. What’s going on?
It was the first time that Amazon used TT Express, and the first time that the delivery was not at home. Later, I actively arranged the delivery time with the delivery person twice, but the delivery person did not deliver. Later, they directly gave me a refund. This damn delivery person has no integrity at all. I strongly recommend that you do not use TT Express again.
This time, a sweater was also returned to me, and the price was raised by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon's own brand should not have such products.
I bought it when it was on sale, and the price is not low. The product is also very good.
I was stunned when I received the product, the surface of the product was worn out in a large area, and there were many other places with wear and tear, it was either a second-hand product or an old one, as shown in the picture below.
I applied for a refund, and the manufacturer said it was caused by transportation after seeing the pictures. Is this not nonsense?
How could the goods inside be worn?
There are only two possibilities: either it is a defective or old product, or I intentionally damaged the product and then returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I did not damage the goods, but based on my credit record of shopping on Amazon, I think that such goods should not appear in Amazon’s self-operated goods, and customers choose Amazon’s self-operated goods because they trust it, customer win, we win, the victory of customers is the victory of manufacturers, and I hope we can work together to improve it, thank you.
I have had the product for less than a year and have two E2s, I don’t know how to deal with it?
I bought this product on July 30, 2015, but the red E2 appeared on the right side of the receiver in March 2016, which should be the problem of the transmitter module. This is not consistent with the 7-year sustainable work of the transmitter module on Amazon. I can’t find after-sales service on Amazon, and I don’t know what to do now?
It's okay.
First purchase was bad.
It doesn't feel like a new one.
The label on the box was torn off and the label on the body was also broken.
And it always shows a blank screen.
It was better after I changed it.
The replacement was quick, but it was a bit blurry at night, the view was not very wide, but it was enough for ordinary home use.
The only downside is that there is no card, and I bought it myself; another downside is that I bought a phone from Amazon before.
There should be a sticker on the package to prevent it from being opened, but this time there was none; when I bought the phone, there was a sticker like this, which could be pasted on the warranty card, but this time there was none.
I don’t know if it’s because the product is cheaper, but I’m confused.
Waiting for the supplier to reply
There was no label on the package, so I directly called the supplier and was told that the package without label was genuine. If I had any doubts, I could send the package to Johnson & Johnson for inspection. I also left my license plate number and phone number. I promised to receive a text message to inform me to enter my information into the warranty card on the Johnson & Johnson official website. But I haven’t received the text message yet.
The oil was received in the morning and replaced in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon’s self-owned products are also very reliable.
The mechanic who changed the oil said that the oil was clean and it was indeed good oil.
Because it was the second time I bought it.
So I feel very reassured.
The delivery was fast, the packaging was good, and after using this oil, the engine noise was significantly reduced.
The price-performance ratio is good, and it is hard to find synthetic engine oil below 200.
Support crown, support winning cards, effectively protect the car.
Amazon Japan caused buyers to suffer serious losses due to customer service problems (8c of ladybugs were shipped as 8cm of ladybugs) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
They admitted the mistake, but kept shirking responsibility, and always stressed that the goods were from a third party and that they could not bind the third party.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
The page size options I bought at the beginning were 7c, 8, 9c, and I thought it was a trap at that time. I called the Japanese customer service in Chinese and was told that 8 was 8c, but when the goods arrived in China, I found that it was only 8cm. I think it was a trap set up to cheat Chinese people (according to Amazon’s after-sales service). Now, there is no such option on the page.
Chinese customer service: I’m sorry for causing you loss, we give you two ways to go:
1, you return the goods, the buyer bears all the freight.
2, If you do not return the goods, we will compensate you 1000 yen.
(I’ll calculate it, the shoes are more than 4000 yen, which is 200 RMB, choose 1, I don’t have the shoes, the loss is 200 yuan.
I chose 2, I had shoes, and I was compensated 2000 yen in the end. The final loss was 150 RMB. Customer service: We have recorded it, we will handle it seriously, and we sent an email back the next day saying that I did not accept the mediation of the Chinese customer service, and that was it.
I asked: when there are such confusing options as 7c, 8c, and 9c on the purchase page, the Chinese customer service helped me say that the common codes in Japan do not have c, like 140, but have you gone to other Momotaro pages to check?
There are cases where both American and Japanese codes are mixed.
Besides, why do you put the 8cm in between the 7cm and 9cm, which is the smallest size, what does it mean to put it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese service, but we don’t know that you want to send it back to your country, so we won’t compensate for your shipping fee.
I don’t understand this logic again. I am Japanese, and I need Chinese customer service. Chinese people living in Japan don’t need Chinese customer service, and tourists visiting Japan don’t have the time to make international long-distance calls. So, the question is, who needs to call Amazon Overseas Shopping’s Chinese customer service? It’s only people like me who shop on Japanese websites.
Isn’t Amazon’s Chinese customer service convenient for those who shop online?
I am not very satisfied with this purchase.
This is the second time I buy Pampers diapers from Amazon. I bought a box when my baby was 2 months old. I chose the diapers made of European imported paper. I was quite satisfied with my first purchase. My baby used one diaper all night long, which could really meet the requirement of not changing diapers for 12 hours.
However, when I bought L diapers this time, there were 2 packs in one box, and when I opened them, I felt that the paper was too loose, which was significantly different from the imported Pampers. After using them, it was okay, and there was no sign of leakage or rash.
But when it came to the second pack of diapers, the baby’s inner thighs immediately broke out in a rash after using them, and it still hasn’t gone away.
I doubt the quality of the 2 packs in the box are different.
I won’t be buying any more in the future!
I hope you can pay attention to the transportation protection of the package.
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have seen since I started shopping online. There was no protection at all, no buffer foam, no buffer layer material for the package, nothing.
It's a crushed box.
Moreover, the soft plastic box was crushed and deformed.
I hope it is genuine and has good quality, so I won’t dare to buy things from Amazon in the future.
I would rather pay half the price domestically and have some guarantee.
Moreover, the problem of product packaging has been commented on in 2016, and it is still the same now, 19 years later.
It shows that Amazon doesn’t care about feedback at all, which is far behind JD.com and Tmall.
Nice, but a little bit of regret.
I really like the color of the whole cup, orange, although my family is a boy, but I still think that orange and yellow are very eye-catching.
It is a little smaller than I imagined, but it is supposed to be taken out for outdoor activities, so it is acceptable.
Last night, I tried it at home, and after pushing the cap open, the distance between the straw and the cap was too close, because the straw was positioned vertically, so my son always had to hold the bump on the cap to drink water, and he thought this part could be improved.
It seems that the straw cups of other brands have a slanted straw for a reason; the things for kids are really all about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and large capacity
I like it lightweight and the opening is big, but the two independent compartments are a bit redundant for me, and I don’t know what to put in them.
After buying, I found that there was another brand that was very similar on Haitao.com, and it was less than 200 yuan.
Fake products are especially bad.
Amazon sells fake goods, and I have to admit that I have bought them.
The customer service said that I could not return the product because I had used it, so how could I know it was a fake?
Because of trust, so sad, after all, it is a product for wiping your face, so just buy it at a physical store, it will be more expensive.
Since it was a flash sale, I didn’t read the reviews. I have already submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce’s e-commerce platform. Let’s fight for our rights together.
Broken?
Fake?
In short, a tragedy.
The second one I picked was fine-pored, but it smelled weird when I opened it, so I thought it was normal because I had never used it before. Then, when I pasted it on my face, I couldn’t stand the smell at all, it was so strong that I couldn’t describe it, I started coughing and my eyes hurt and I cried, so I immediately took it off and washed my face.
I didn’t believe it and opened another one, which didn’t have such a strong taste, and I’m applying it now.
It reminded me of the smell of cheap hair straighteners in a hair salon.
It is unimaginable, and will Amazon’s self-owned skincare products be avoided from now on?
Traitorous businessmen.
At that time, the activity page said that “Three Body Collection” would be given as a gift when you spend 99 yuan. However, I didn’t receive the gift. I called the customer service and asked them to look at the screenshot of the activity at that time. The problem is that whoever buys things still saves the screenshot of the webpage. You need your customers to help you provide the evidence for your own activities. Dear shoppers, please be careful next time and save the evidence.
Feeling after use
I bought something from Amazon for the first time, and I have a few feelings about it. Let me talk about the feeling of using the product first. It is really painless and there is no irritating taste. Overall, it is pretty good. It takes about 8 minutes to fall off after applying it, and there is a small amount of dirt on it, which is not noticeable. So, overall, it is pretty good. I will continue to observe and use it to see how it goes.
I think this thing is really good.
The second order was placed on the 27th and received on the 12th, a total of 15 days, which is half a month, and the delivery person’s service attitude was also very good.
Third, don’t believe in Amazon’s Black Friday; I ordered on Friday and it was almost 12 yuan cheaper after waiting for 2 days; that is, I bought it for more than 170 yuan (including shipping fee and so on), which feels like they raise the price when they have a promotion.
The customer service said that the price fluctuates, and I have been paying attention to the price for more than 10 days, and it is just like this, the fluctuation is not big.
Affordable price, made in Japan, with Chinese label, with granules, absolutely worth buying!
The ointment with particles in it is just right for a refreshing feeling, and it makes my teeth feel smooth. It’s much better than some second-hand stuff from the east. It’s said to be imported goods, but many of them don’t have Chinese labels, and I don’t know where they were wholesaled from.
In the future, I will only buy from Amazon and never go to the second-hand market again.
I have a suggestion, sometimes the Amazon app can’t show the receipt, I hope you can improve the app, it will be better and better!
Over the years, the quality of service has been getting worse and worse, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
The garbage is excellent, but it does not care about customer needs, and the special delivery time is 19:00-22:00 when placing an order.
Because there is an old person who cannot get out of bed after surgery at home, so I can only receive the package at night.
The result was that they delivered it directly to my door at 12 noon, without any prior phone call.
If the delivery time is up to the courier, why bother to make up a time to let customers choose?
If your logistics cannot guarantee the service, then don’t do e-commerce at all!
It is ridiculous to ask an old man with three wounds on his body to get out of bed to receive the delivery and pay the fee with change!
There is a contact phone number on the order!
No one has called to explain anything!
The so-called complaint customer service of Zhiyin is a group of outsiders who pretend to be there to deal with your complaint and give you a so-called reply.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I have encountered similar problems with delivery time before, so I just put up with it, but this time I can’t bear it, it’s too much!
After pre-ordering the new book, I found that the cover and the back cover were reversed when it arrived. Is this how you ignore the quality problem and send the book to the customer?
No one will contact you about negative reviews.
Over the years, the quality of service has been getting worse and worse, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
I won't spend a penny on Excellence again.
The quality of the pictures is really unacceptable.
As a title like “Ancient Map Collection”, the book is really unacceptable in terms of the selection, layout and printing of pictures, and some pictures are even mosaicked and blurred to the point of being unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small illustration, it should be worthy of the vast medieval documentary materials left by our ancestors in the catalog!
(And many of the images are available as clear original documents from relevant industry resources) What is the difference between using such images to compile books and not using images at all?
I am sorry for such a spirit of learning.
I won’t comment on the text, and the Fang family has its own opinions.
Overall 2 stars.
When I was in the second year of high school, I read this book just for fun, thinking that I wouldn’t get addicted to it, because I didn’t like the online novels on Qidian before.
And then... I fell into the trap.
According to this plot, the whole book is quite light and pleasant; in the first part, Ye Xiu was still in the online game, and even if there was a struggle between guilds, it was always bloodied by Ye Shen, and it was not heavy at all.
As for the part of the competition, I wrote about the bittersweet feeling of the changes of times (maybe I am too sentimental).
I spent a lot of my sophomore year studying this book, but I just couldn’t stop.
The full-time description of characters and emotional lines is amazing. Even if some characters only pass by occasionally, they will leave a deep impression on people. Characters like Yi Xiu, Huang Shaoti, and Su Miotang, which are described in more detail, have a large number of fans. Even characters that are not in the center of the writing, such as Jiang Bo, Tu Xunxiu, etc., are also very popular. In a cool novel about e-sports, you can’t find a character that is hated to the extreme. This is the success of full-time in character description.
In terms of the love line, there is no problem of the harem beauties in the ordinary online novels, and there are either beautiful women or corrupt beauties. All the people in the novel have a common place, that is, they like the game of Glory, and most of them want to win honorably.
Small quantities have no big conspiracy, and everyone looks so simple and lovely.
That's probably why there are no unlikable characters in Full Time.
The full-time IP is also responsible for this.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online literature, Full-time is a good book.
He will really provide people with some blood, some touching moments.
It will be animated full-time in April this year.
I’ve wanted to buy this set of books for a long time, but I didn’t dare to buy it because I always thought my wallet was too thin. Then I found that there were so many fake books on TB when I wanted to buy it. Actually, there is another version of Full-time recently, and I like the cover of it, but I still want to buy the old version, so I looked at it on Amazon and bought a set at once.
Next, let me briefly introduce the goods.
● The fourth book has no plastic cover, but the book is new.
● The 17th plastic cover is open, but the quality of the book is strange, and it doesn’t feel as hard as the others.
● The 23rd and 17th are the same, but the 23rd is harder, but very old.
● Some books have different publishers, such as the 23rd and 17th, which are from the same publisher, and the others are different.
● Overall, I am satisfied; the box is very big and contains 24 books, which is enough.
Lonely little lions
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as “The Lost Corner”, but it turned out that there were a lot of words!
I read this book three times before I finished reading it to the children. It was about a little lion that could shoot and a little lion that loved to eat fruit juice and candy.
When I saw the lion eating the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable; modern urban people cannot accept the idea of being eaten by animals.
In the end, this little lion, who has succeeded in human society, has lost himself; he is no longer completely a lion, nor is he completely human.
In the end, only the lion cub's back was visible, and we didn't know where he went.
Perhaps many years later, the image of this little lion will still be in the memory of the grown-up children, and it will be recalled one day, and perhaps it will touch or inspire her.
A collection of works with high cost performance.
1. I didn’t know about TASCHEN before, but I bought a lot of their books recently because they are too powerful, no matter the topics or the production itself.
There are three versions of this book, the largest version is as big as the complete works of Michelangelo, which is about 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the medium version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this version is the smallest, and it comes with a book box.
I think it’s acceptable, firstly, it’s cheap; secondly, it’s divided into two volumes, which is convenient for browsing; thirdly, it’s different from the complete works of Michelangelo, which is mainly about paintings; this black and white manuscript of da Vinci takes up most of the book, and it’s the best value for money for readers who are not majoring in art and have a limited budget.
2. The explanation of the painting part is great, with analysis of composition, analysis of sketches and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I don’t know if it is a printing or book size problem, some shadow parts are too deep and I can’t see the details, which is a bit regrettable.
3. Compared with Michelangelo’s manuscripts, da Vinci’s manuscripts are much richer in content.
The former is already a genius, and the latter is so broad in scope and so high in achievement that it cannot be described as a genius.
If you only experienced half of da Vinci’s works before, you will be completely speechless after seeing the manuscript.
Garbage, whoever buys it will regret it!
I never give bad reviews, but this is really a piece of trash, a waste of money, and I need a reason!
1. You are not allowed to leave, and suddenly it becomes January 1, and the time is reset to zero.
2. The low-quality strap is not made of silicone, and it causes allergic reaction and swelling when worn on the wrist.
3. Often can't connect to the phone.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. Sleep detection does not show, and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Other.
The delivery is too slow.
It was shown as delivered on October 16, but I received it on October 21, and it was a bad review!
The delivery is so bad, and it is already slow to buy things on Amazon, I didn’t expect it to be so slow!
Overall satisfaction
I was worried about the camera packaging at the beginning, but it was okay this time; there was an air bag inside, the camera was consistent with the three codes, and I could register it on the official website; the shutter count was 0, and the rest could only be tested with time.
The delivery speed is quite fast, but I have to complain about the delivery man here. He put the valuable items in the door room and left in a hurry. I couldn’t check the box in front of him, and I have nothing to say about this.
The seller thought about the customer before shipping:)
The seller is quite responsible and called to ask about the screen size of the camera, which really shows that they care about their customers.
The shipping speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also quite suitable and useful.
Battery not fully charged
The machine is really good, I want to ask why it can’t be fully charged when it is charged for the first time, and the charging indicator light is always red.
There is no official feedback channel for Amazon at present, so we can only give feedback in the product review.
1. On March 29, I bought this book for 31 yuan through pre-order, and it showed that it would be pushed to my device on March 31. At this time, I could not preview the book on the Amazon website (because it had not been published yet);
The book pushed to the device on March 31 was blank, with only “coming soon”; the e-book version of the book on Amazon was reduced to RMB 18;
3. I tried to delete the blank book downloaded on the device and synchronize it again, but I still couldn’t get the electronic version of The Nature of Business with the actual content, but I could preview the book on the Amazon website.
At present, I have a few thoughts.
1. The price is not the most important issue; the key is how to replace the blank books on Kindle with books with practical content, instead of always downloading “coming soon” books.
2. The books you pre-ordered should not be bought again in the future, after all, if you miss the train, it is very complicated to download a book with empty content;
3. I hope Amazon can provide a normal channel for feedback on such problems. When there is a doubt about downloading or using e-books, there should be a place to feedback (ticket, online customer service are all available, and you can refer to how Microsoft official store does it)
Not very recommended to read.
I read it a long time ago, and I happened to see it and wrote a few words about it from memory.
This book is more like a collection of fragments of life about love, rather than a collection of short stories.
The tone of the book is extremely plain, like plain water, and the words and sentences are pursued to the extreme simplicity, and the plot is as quiet and plain as the street in the afternoon of summer.
Each short story is a snapshot of a small period of time in ordinary life, with no beginning and no ending.
Finally collected together, it was named "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love".
I think this collection of short stories, and its title, is a kind of performance art. The author wants to express that love is not just the ups and downs on the stage, the myths in the city, or the sticky sweetness of you and me. Love is not just the above, nor should it be represented by the above. Love is also the mundane life of water, the dull and boring day after day, and the helplessness, escape from reality, and confusion about the future.
As you read this book, you may recall the couples fighting next to you, the dull marriages of people you know, and the unfortunate love affairs.
This is the reason why I don’t recommend reading it. From the aesthetic point of view, the writing and the plot of the book are bland, unless your life is full of ups and downs or sweet like living in a candy castle, you will feel nothing strange and bored when reading it.
In terms of depth of thought, the daily plot did not make people brighten up or expand their thinking and vision (this is different from Love in the Time of Cholera by Marquez), and the brief segment did not discuss any issues, such as what kind of mistakes led to the failure of love.
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don’t recommend reading this book, whether you read it or not, it doesn’t make much difference.
The author's ideas are expressed more through techniques and genres than through the storyline, which is also the reason why the reading experience of this book is not very good.
It is suitable for a rough reading, but not for a detailed reading.
The book is well-structured, but the content is not rich enough.
Many sales theories explain what and why, but they are weak in terms of how to do it, and they only point out the direction but do not provide specific practices.
Also, the book feels like it was cobbled together.
For example, there are both domestic and foreign ones; there are both well-known businessmen or salesmen and those who are not well-known.
I don’t know if it is a story compiled for the sake of an example, but if some cases experienced by the author are cited, it will be more convincing.
The terms customer and client are used interchangeably.
In the title, it is still a customer, but in the body, it has become a client.
The e-book also contained spelling errors, missing punctuation marks, and numbering errors.
In short, this book is a good choice for beginners in theory, but it is not very suitable for people who are already engaged in sales work and want to improve their sales skills.
Quick Guide to Understanding Internet Finance
This book is very simple and can be said to be just an introductory course. It can help you quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but if you want to understand it in depth, you still need to go through it yourself.
It was written a long time ago, and the later subsidy war between Alipay and WeChat did not mention the content of cultivating user habits, and the proportion of third-party payment may not be as small as the book said.
Now, many people take their mobile phones when they go out to eat, and merchants have stopped using UnionPay because of the high bank transaction volume.
But I still want to thank the author for writing this introductory book. It is obvious that the author has at least several years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, which is why the content is so easy to understand.
It is easy to write in a grandiose style, but the difficult part is to write in a way that is easy to understand.
I appreciate you, and I want you to know that!
The first element that determines the satisfaction of a person's work is not the high or low salary, but whether he or she is given enough attention and appreciation in the work.
According to Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, after the basic needs of human survival are met, the most urgent need is to satisfy psychological needs, such as the desire to be understood, affirmed, and appreciated.
Indeed, for the Chinese people, most of them are “love you in my heart but can’t say it”, even if they have love, gratitude and appreciation, they will keep it in their heart and won’t say it out loud.
In the book, the author explains five languages of appreciation: words of affirmation, quality time, acts of service, tangible gifts, and physical touch.
I think it’s not important to know what the five languages of appreciation are, but to be able to use these five languages to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, no matter they are your family, friends or colleagues.
In fact, the more intimate the people are, the more they need appreciation and gratitude, so that our lives will become more beautiful.
By learning to appreciate, enterprises can also retain talent to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.
Thanks to the translators for bringing us such great foreign thoughts and worlds.
Due to the cultural background of the East and the West, there are differences between languages, and if you have the opportunity to see the original version of the author, you will gain more.
Thank you again to the author, translator and editors for their hard work!
Suspected of being fake goods, please Amazon to strictly review.
The quality is superb, but the packaging is loose, there is no weight, and it is even worse than the products on the street stalls; there is no weight, no barcode, and the packaging of ten bags is loose, which is completely not the characteristic of qualified products; it is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, and I have applied for a refund; it is a quality problem; I suggest that the seller should open their eyes and refuse poor quality goods; supplement: I bought another product from Xinxiang, which costs 23 yuan/10 packs in the supermarket, and I added several comparison photos to further verify the poor quality of the product; in order to give consumers a clearer reference, to avoid economic losses and further bad mood!
It is hoped that Amazon will be scrupulous and strictly control the source of goods.
The product is sloppy and falls short of expectations.
Advantages:
1. Big brand, cheap price.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are both guaranteed by PANASONIC, and it is also OK to use, but it is not as good as I expected.
Disadvantages:
1. There is no indicator light for charging, and the most basic power indicator is gone, and it is estimated that customers who purchase a 300 yuan product are also regarded as charity and have no respect in the eyes of Samsung PANASONIC.
2. Strong smell When charging, even if it is only charged for 10 minutes, you can smell the smell of burning plastic.
The office tried it for one day, and the whole room smelled like plastic.
Compared with the Philips at the same price I used before, although it has an extra blade, the quality of this Panasonic product is really a letdown for consumers.
Small package
When I received the parcel, I saw that it was written as E-commerce version, and I knew I was scammed again; it was smaller than the one I bought in the supermarket, and it should be M; the package was different from the picture in the product introduction, which was called the new version.
Three stars are for blaming myself for not reading the product specifications carefully; I have no objection to you selling the M-size version of the product; what do you mean by the wrong version?
E-commerce is tricky, so I still go to the supermarket to buy things when I have time.
For the sauce, use purple.
I don't like the taste.
The child doesn’t like the taste of toothpaste, and every time he says it’s spicy, which is probably a better description, but that’s the only word in his vocabulary for now.
I bought it when I was doing an activity, it was cheap, so I didn’t want to give a bad review, so I gave it four stars, but I won’t buy it again.
It’s genuine, and it’s well packaged.
The package was complete, and there was an air bag inside, but it was just the product itself, without the online reviews.
The bottle is wrapped with a plastic film as described in the picture, and the delivery is also fast, and it arrived the next day.
It is genuine, but it is out of stock and I don’t know when it will be restocked.
A frustrating shopping experience
I placed an order on Black Friday, but I waited for a long time and didn’t receive it. After checking, I found that the package had been signed for a long time ago. I asked my colleagues around me, but they said they didn’t help me sign for it. I quickly contacted the express company, but they said that only the sender could initiate the inquiry. I contacted Amazon customer service, and waited for more than ten days. Finally, I figured out that the express was mistakenly delivered to someone else. After several rounds, I finally got the express back, but the outer packaging had been opened, and the goods were still complete. I don’t know if they had been used, but it was really frustrating.
Wrong illustration
I thought I could receive the headphones in Picture 1, but I received the headphones in Picture 2 instead. The pictures are not the same, and what does it mean that the volume of the left and right sound is different?
Although the names are the same, I hope everyone can be careful, and I also ask the person in charge of Amazon to replace the correct image in a timely manner, thank you very much.
Operating system is average.
After using it for a while, the overall picture is still okay, I can’t feel much difference, but this system makes me feel confused, the boot time is obviously a bit slow, and I can’t make good settings, and the software that comes with it is not worth commenting on, and the response speed is even more ordinary, which is not on the same level as my colleague’s.
I read the comments saying that the design is very humanized, but I can’t find where it is humanized; the position of the return key in the commonly used up, down, left, and right remote controller design is really not something to be praised.
So, just be a TV, and add a TV box or something.
The price cut is too strong.
The price cut is too strong, it is now 99 yuan for over 100 yuan!
I had a lot of unrated orders on Amazon, so I used a copied comment as the review content.
If I use this sentence to evaluate, it means that this product is at least 85 points.
I will never copy and paste reviews for poor products, so that other consumers can use them as a reference when making purchases, and the merchants can improve the quality of their products.
Low price and good quality, it’s enough!
The line is so cheap, but it should meet the HDMI certification standard. I personally compared it with those crap things in Akihabara, Japan (which are twice as expensive), and the line is thick and soft, and there is no noise when transmitting 7 meters. I will trust this line in the future!
The goods are okay, but Amazon’s after-sales service is really much worse than other websites.
After placing the order, I found that I had made a mistake, but the order could not be canceled, and the webpage contacting the online customer service always showed an error link, and I could not contact it.
After the delivery person arrived, he called me and I said I didn’t want it anymore, but I couldn’t cancel the order successfully, so the delivery person took it back and said I should sign for it and apply for a refund.
I was not informed until I applied for a refund that food items cannot be returned once they are received, and I couldn’t call Amazon customer service, which said the same thing, that once received, the item cannot be returned.
I have bought non-refundable items from JD and Sunning before, including milk and diapers, and I got a refund after contacting customer service; and even after opening the diapers, the smell was too strong, and I still got a refund after contacting customer service; but it’s not possible on Amazon.
Rules are dead, people are alive, how to deal with it when contacting your customer service?
I told him to either pick it up himself or let the delivery person buy it himself, the delivery person is already not easy, why should I let him spend money to buy something that he didn’t buy himself?
Okay, I won’t return it, I’ll take it myself, but I must give you a 1 for your service.
I advise you not to waste your money.
First of all, I was full of expectations when I bought it, thinking that the Dudu brand should be good enough, but after receiving it, I felt that the packaging was still okay, the size was not bad, but there was one box that was basically soft, and it was not obvious from the outside, but the texture was bad, and it had no taste at all, it was tasteless and bland, and the flesh was dark yellow when I bit it, which meant it was bad, and the good ones were sold separately, and the edible ones were less than one third, so I advise you not to buy it, it is not cheap, and the quality is too bad!
Learn from your mistakes and never buy fruit from an e-commerce site again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting mark on the product?
The corner of the bottom of the bottle is deeply concave, which should be caused by strong impact; from the outer packaging bag, it feels heartbreaking; after all, the packaging is too simple for food, and there is no obvious anti-counterfeiting mark on it; it is very easy to open the bottle; the most important thing is that the honey inside the cap is directly spurted out; there is almost no adhesive property when opening the bottle; is it like this for all foreign products?
As someone born in China, I don’t quite understand.
It should be genuine.
There was also a reminder that it would be delivered on the 20th, but I received it on the 14th. This is my first time shopping overseas on this website, so I just wrote down my doubts, maybe this is normal?
Pickup service needs improvement
I bought 5 pickup tickets in total, and when I picked them up, I reserved 3 tickets for the first time, but only 2 were sent, and after many communications, it was confirmed that it was missed, and it was promised to be supplemented; the second time I reserved, it just happened to be a rest day, and there was no prompt on the website or WeChat that I needed to reserve on a working day, which caused unnecessary panic, and I suggest that it should be improved in the future.
Good shopping
Great feedback!
I still trust Amazon’s self-owned products more. Now that it is so convenient to buy things from overseas, the logistics time is only a few days longer than that of domestic purchases. I have to say that Amazon’s customs clearance ability is very strong, and it is much faster than transshipment, so I buy a lot of things from Amazon overseas.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be better; many things are produced domestically, but they are cheaper when bought abroad than in the country; I hope that it can be improved.
Garbage.
When you see such a package, ask yourself: do you think it is rubbish on the roadside?
A fragile plastic package was sent from so-called Germany in a plastic bag, is this kind of packaging responsible?
I think this kind of packaging is just like the packaging of garbage; the packaging of this product is so shabby and there is no measure to prevent damage; it is just a simple plastic bag packaging; after receiving it, the packaging is completely deformed and the items inside are also damaged.
If I just encounter one like this, I admit it, I bought several like this, and then I asked Amazon customer service, and the customer service said that I could return it, but I had to pay the shipping fee in advance, and then the shipping fee would be returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I ask, I paid the shipping fee with cash, you gave me a gift card, you should just say that I have to buy your gift card myself, and I have to mail the product to the German warehouse myself, this is not a way to buy a product and get punished!
I kept telling the customer service that it was their responsibility to solve the problem, but they didn’t say a word about it. They didn’t dare to take responsibility, so what kind of after-sales service is this? One word: I’m sorry! But I guess Amazon won’t give me the chance to publish this review, and they will directly delete it!
5 stars for the quality, 1 star for the logistics
1, the quality is very good, I bought it at a bargain price, and it is worth the money.
2, solid, enough material, firm welding point, proper surface treatment, good color.
3, logistics is a hard problem, the order was placed on the 3rd and arrived on the 11th.
4, If Amazon didn't say the estimated delivery date was February 7, I might be satisfied.
5, but marked the expected delivery time, it is equivalent to making a promise to the user, and when the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user will be very difficult to bear.
6. If you are not sure you can keep a promise, don’t make it.
7. In fact, I pay a lot of attention to the promises made by the seller.
8, so I gave it a low score.
The gold thread will fade.
The effect is there, but whether it is obvious or not depends on the individual, or it may be a psychological effect.
The only thing that is not so good is the gold line, which was originally designed to look good, but in reality, the gold line will fade, and if you put it on the car, and if you touch it a few times, there will be some gold powder on your hands and on the car.
Hopefully the product can be improved.
This kind of square one has no decorative effect, so don’t put gold lines on it, it will get dirty on the car and be troublesome.
The goods are in good condition, the speed is good, and they are packed in two different packages.
The speed of 8 days is quite fast, but it was divided into 2 packages for 2 items, and the packaging was different; one was over-protected with a lot of anti-shock materials, with thick cardboard pasted on it, and plastic wrapped around it; the outer packaging was also easy to open; one was like a domestic express box, with a few buffer airbags inside; it felt a bit superficial.
The Yalan mattress is really good.
The 34cm mattress is not ordinary thick, you can sleep directly on the mattress without the bed.
The quality is good, and it is soft on both sides, which makes for a comfortable sleep; I fell asleep on it very quickly.
After receiving the mattress, there were some stains on it because of the violent transportation of the courier. Yalan customer service was responsible and efficient in contacting and solving the problem.
It is not a self-operated product, Amazon is shameless
The page clearly indicates that it is self-operated, but in fact, it is delivered by the supplier and the after-sales service is provided by the supplier. If there is a problem, you can contact the supplier directly.
If you want to cancel the order, I’m sorry, the order information has been sent to the supplier and cannot be canceled; if you want to return or exchange the goods, I’m sorry, no one will help you, and you need to contact the supplier to return the goods.
This is a self-operated product.
The goods are not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon does not undertake after-sales service. The customer service said, “I will help you contact the supplier”, and even claimed that it was self-operated. It was so shameless, and it was a blatant fraud to consumers!
Frustrating experience
The filter I bought from another website before has a good filtering effect, and there was no scale after 28 days, even if I used it for a few more days.
Since the quality of the things I bought from Amazon has always been good, I decided to buy the filter here. This is the first time I buy a filter from Amazon, and I don’t feel good about it. It has water scale early on, and there is always floating black carbon powder in the filter until the 28th day. I don’t know if I should continue using it or just throw it away. I am very disappointed.
Not as good as I imagined.
Compared with the power strips I have used before, the external workmanship is ordinary, and I have not opened it to see how it is inside, but I hope it is as described by the store, and from the convenience of use, there is a lack of display of whether each independent unit is powered on.
The package was damaged, so I will wait to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is severely damaged, but the inner packaging box seems to be new, but the manual seems not to be new, and the house was renovated in September. I hope it won’t be bad when I open it. Please explain to me why several customers mentioned the damaged packaging, but you can handle it well. Thank you!
Overall good, a little problem.
I bought a water filter for the first time, read a few review articles, and felt that LAICA was more cost-effective, so I chose it. I followed the instructions to install the filter and tried it. I felt that it was generally good, but when pouring water, it seemed that the original water was mixed with the processed water from the mouth of the pot (the original water was not tightly sealed).
When using, be sure to pour out after all the water is filtered!
The picture is incomplete.
The photo did not capture the details of the side, and the details of the side did not match the style of the main body, which is a big difference; this is one; this bead is produced in Thailand, and it does not indicate the origin; it does not indicate the quality; when I bought it in the UK, it was clear that each item had its own box, but here there is only a simple plastic bag, and there is no product mark on the bead, so how can I judge whether it is real or fake.
Be careful when buying, especially when buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service is really bad.
I placed an order two days ago, and I found that it was reduced by 40 yuan today. I spent a lot of time to find the customer service, and the customer service said that there was no way to make up for the difference, but I could re-buy and return the goods.
This customer experience and service is a thousand times worse than that of some Taobao and some Dong.
It's okay, it's worth buying as a beginner.
The quality is good, and it is not inferior to the top-grade golden Buddha; I saw it in the mall before, and it was several hundred yuan; I am playing with the golden Buddha for the first time, and it is okay.
Good food.
The product is really good, but I was a bit unhappy because I was not at home when the courier arrived in the afternoon. The logistics company directly put the mail in the storage box and did not send me the pick-up confirmation message, which made me run twice.
But the baby is really good.
Worth buying.
The little monkey is cute, and Amazon has a great discount. Zhou Shengsheng’s website directly ships the product, and I received it this afternoon after placing the order last night. It was really fast.
The postal delivery person is also very responsible.
Bravo!
A customer's confession
1. After receiving such a defective product, Amazon customer service told you not to worry, we will contact you in 54 hours.
2 Then you contact the customer service staff in the middle, and they will tell you that this problem will be handled by a specialist, who will inform you of the result.
You can never contact this commissioner on your own initiative, nor do you know her work number, and there is no direct line contact number, so you can never contact her, but only she can contact you.
3 Tragically, after waiting for nearly 3 days, the commissioner contacted me, but I left my phone for a while and did not receive a call from the commissioner.
I waited for two hours and didn’t get the call from the commissioner, so I contacted Amazon customer service and sent an email asking the customer service to call me back.
4 days have passed and I still don’t know what the result of Amazon’s handling of the defective coffee machine I received will be!
There is no problem with the products from Amazon in the US. Overseas shopping is a good way to shop, but the service from Buyamerica is far worse.
6 I can only continue to wait for...
Uneven Bottom
Because the comments on the review site were all good, I was very much looking forward to this pot and liked it when I got it, it was very light, but when I started using it, I found the problem, the bottom of the pot was not flat, it was protruding in the middle and concave around it, the oil ran to the edge, and the big fat meat I bought to fry was not covered by the oil, it was a mess, I couldn’t even start cooking, I guess this kind of structure can’t cook normally.
I don’t know if I was unlucky or what, but I got a crooked pot, and luckily Amazon offered a one-month return service, so I returned it.
I returned the pot to the store, and it was cleaned up. I was busy for half a day.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve it
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The cube shape, the designer has processed the top into a slightly curved surface.
It should have been a very smooth line.
Unfortunately, the final result was not achieved.
Because there are two parts on the top, the front one is the control panel, and the back one is the water tank cover.
The arc of the top cover and the arc of the control panel are inconsistent, and there is a height difference of up to 2mm after splicing.
Although it looks like a very small gap.
But it can be said that it destroyed the whole design feeling.
I feel sorry for the product designer.
It seems that the product manager of Midea is not capable of creating products of this level.
(Of course, I can’t ask too much from the after-sales lady, but when I heard the after-sales say that all the products were like this, not just the one I bought that had problems, her indifference and honest tone made me realize that I can’t ask too much from the after-sales lady) 2019-7-7 The pump malfunctioned and the water flow was low, and it has been repaired for the second time. It was broken again two weeks after the first repair.
The discount is very reasonable, but the fake discount on Amazon is heartbreaking.
Buy it a week after the baby is born, it is super insulated.
There is no heat on the outside of the pot, so it won’t burn people and can effectively keep the temperature from dissipating.
After one night, the air conditioning room still maintains a high temperature.
Amazon said that there were 320 great deals for the anniversary event, but later I found that there were 249, 289, and 299, and I felt cheated, but I still compared it with the supermarket and it was much cheaper than all the random brands at the same price, and I can take it with me when I go out in the future.
Vitamix 6300
I have been waiting for a long time, and I saw that Meizu 6300 was on sale, and the price of the same product in the Middle East was the same, so I quickly bought it.
I placed the order on September 2 and it was expected to arrive on September 21, but it arrived on September 12, almost 10 days earlier, and the speed was really fast!
The package is not big, and it is directly the original package of Vitamix, and Amazon is not afraid of it being broken during the ocean crossing!
The machine looks new, the accessories are complete, but the cup shakes violently when placed on the base, I’m afraid it will fly off when I turn it on!
I asked a friend who has 5200, and he said it didn’t feel as loose as mine.
The recipe attached at random is in English, which is quite tiring to read, and I can’t find the Chinese version online, which is a hassle!
After receiving the goods, I quickly bought a transformer, and it should arrive in 3 days, then I will play with it!
It is too small, without a sleeve, and the material is ordinary.
It's not a large size at all!
The second Totes, 1. This one doesn’t have an umbrella sleeve; 2. The umbrella handle is ordinary; 3. Although it is written as Large, it is actually a convenient umbrella for one person, and it is estimated that two people can barely use it.
On the contrary, the one I bought from Meiya before can be used by three people without any pressure.
I don't feel very well.
Firstly, the box is not very sturdy and deformed when you press it; secondly, the design on the back to prevent the ABS from scratching the box surface is ineffective; thirdly, the place where the cloth bag and the rod are exposed in the box is obvious; and so on, I am not satisfied with it; finally, the zipper is not smooth.
PS: The wheels feel really good.
It is also possible.
Pros: This shoulder bag is quite sophisticated and looks durable.
Cons: the QR code on the card cannot be scanned (what the hell is going on), the 15.6 inch laptop cannot be put down (can’t it be a little longer), the shoulder bag’s zipper can be locked, but the seller did not prepare a lock for the buyer, which cannot be called service-oriented.
It’s okay overall, I don’t know if it’s genuine leather.
The overall feeling is okay, I don’t know if it is genuine leather, so I can’t comment on it.
It can hold A4-sized documents, and can hold documents up to 80 pages thick, but it is estimated that it cannot hold box-shaped objects that are too thick and too hard (and cannot be deformed).
The bag is soft and the inner pocket is separated, which is quite humanized, and it is quite good.
It’s just that the bottom of the one I got has a small sand hole, I don’t know if it’s because of my poor character?
I am too lazy to go back and forth to exchange the goods, so I will just bear with it.
Overall, I would give it four stars, and it is worth it.
ForRoyal is popular all over the world Camera Strap DSLR Strap
The design of this strap is scientific, it can be hung on both shoulders, it is practical, and the camera is fixed and protected in front of the chest by soft material, which is different from other quick-drawers who fix the bottom of the camera with screws, and it is also convenient to take off the camera.
Garbage after-sales service
I bought a guitar a month and a half ago, and it was missing a part. After I notified Amazon, they gave me an after-sales call. After several communications, I still haven’t received the part. What kind of efficiency is this?
It is estimated that the repair will be more troublesome after the problem occurs, and I hope that friends who like good after-sales service can go around it, it is too troublesome!
There are small defects, but the sound quality is good.
The head of the guitar is defective, missing a corner, and I feel like it’s a second-rate product, and there are no gifts, but the price is not bad, and the sound of the guitar is not bad.
It's okay, the first bill
I have been using it for a long time, and it is not bad overall, except that the bass is not coming out.
The workmanship is not as perfect as I imagined.
The first time I bought it, the item was defective, and all the lights were flashing and it was unusable.
I asked for an exchange, but the product has been in Shanghai for three days and they still haven’t sent it.
They didn’t answer the phone when we called to ask about delivery.
The courier company said that was the only contact information they had.
Amazon can't find the place to complain.
There was no request, and the delivery was delayed, and the message came out of the blue saying that the delivery was delayed according to my request.
Then they talked about the issue of transit.
At any rate, the terrible shopping experience made me start to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon’s logistics and control systems.
It is estimated that I won’t get it today either.
The label is too sticky and not waterproof.
Although the Bluetooth connection is convenient, the printed content is not waterproof and the surface is not covered with a film; the label is not sticky and is not suitable for cable tags at all, and it is very easy to fall off, so friends who buy it to organize cables need to pay attention to this.
The pen is okay, but the package is too shabby, just a paper box, without any protection measures, and the box containing the pen is glued with a large piece of transparent glue, which tears off the glue on the box.
I was so disappointed with this purchase, as I was treated like this for a 600 yuan item.
The pen is fine.
I hope there will be more improvements on the packaging in the future!
The quality is not to be mentioned, and if you talk about writing, it is not as good as 925-25.
I want to praise TNT first, the air transportation is super fast and the service attitude is great!
I have been using 925-25, which is great. I just received 925-85, and the quality of the pen is amazing. The design is also very beautiful. The reason why I gave it four stars is that the pen is a bit heavy and not suitable for fast writing. The pen cap adjusts the length of the lead, and it wobbles a bit. In my opinion, 925-25 is more convenient than 925-85.
So I became an Amazon loyalist.
I bought it at a super discounted price, but my child doesn’t like the reading pen.
I opened it and tried to apply for a refund, and they even came to pick it up for free.
It's so cool.
No refund is advocated, but this kind of service is only available in China.
I hope it won't be abused.
I bought all the books that followed and moved my base here.
The headphones are off-key and there is noise.
This headset is really garbage, I don’t know if it’s my ears that are the problem or if this headset is really not as good as before.
I bought a blue one two years ago, and it sounded good with no noise and good bass; I used it for more than two years and it broke down, so I plan to buy another one (urbeats), after all, it feels good.
I also saw a purple one that looked pretty good, but when I opened it today, I felt that it was not right, the sound was too loud and too soft at the same time.
At first, I didn’t think much about it because I thought it was the sound effect of the song, but after listening to it for half an hour, I found that the problem was serious. It wasn’t just the distorted sound, the bass effect was not as good as before, and there was some noise. Is it only the purple one that I bought that has this problem? Or is it because the manufacturing process of the earphones is not good now?
Pretty bad review, very disappointing.
I will definitely return it during the day tomorrow.
The PS looks good.
This AV amplifier is complicated to set up, has rough workmanship, and generates a lot of heat.
The sound will be reviewed after using it for a while!
I just got the German version of DN1080 on August 14. The workmanship is good or bad.
1. The front panel and the rotary knobs are made of plastic.
2. The audio input port of the back panel and the speaker output terminal are both so bad. It is much better to find a CD amplifier with a price of 1000-2000.
3. The cover is thinner, and my transformer is sunken on one side, so I had to open the box and use my hands to restore the cover and front panel.
4. The center of gravity of the whole machine is biased towards the transformer end, and it is very awkward to move.
It feels like a Sony entry-level machine, with that workmanship, and it’s made in Malaysia.
I feel that Sony is better than Xiaomi in terms of outsourcing in China.
5. The machine gets hot, and the top cover gets about 40-50℃ when watching a movie for about two hours with two channels. I don’t know if it is because the transformer is too big and the heat is too much.
Nowadays, switching power supplies are more commonly used, and this big transformer is estimated to weigh 4 kg.
Sony should use active cooling silent fans inside the machine, but after opening the box, I only saw large aluminum plate heat sink on the pipes.
Xiaogui
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise integrating R&D design, processing and production, and marketing and trade. It mainly produces men's outdoor casual clothing and is a young enterprise that is developing rapidly.
FANDUN JEEP clothing focuses on the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, and introduces international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology to build a first-class clothing production line in China.
Pursue excellence in production and services, quality and brand, benefits and public welfare.
In terms of information construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, strengthening and improving the comprehensive management ability of enterprises, and improving the overall modern management level of enterprises.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of “honesty, harmony, quality, excellence”, and its products are deeply favored by many customers.
VANCL Jeans Clothing, because it is young, so it is confident!
We sincerely welcome customers from home and abroad to come and cooperate with us to create a brilliant future!
Enterprise spirit: proactive and progressive, service tenet: customer first, sincere dedication, enterprise mission: lead the trend, establish brand.
I have never opened it.
The battery is in use.
I would love to dissect it and see what's inside its belly.
Later, I thought, what if I was disappointed after opening it; it would be too unfair to spend so much money; what if I was satisfied after opening it; it would be difficult to put it back together and I would not be happy using it.
Never mind, let’s assume that Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed description of the electricity, ordinary people will feel dizzy.
I am fine, I have worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time, except for not knowing about circuits, I can be considered a half battery engineer, and I can handle it.
Overjoyed.
I really had no idea before buying it, but I felt it was genuine as soon as I opened the package!
Finally, when I touched the earphone wire, I felt it was very soft and of good quality, and I couldn’t wait to plug it into my phone and open QQ Music.
I was amazed that the sound quality was actually 3D surround sound!
I asked in a physical communication store, it is about 30 yuan, but it is not the brand of Pinsung, but a random brand, so I say that this Pinsung is worth having with its price of 27 yuan!
The worst online shopping experience
After placing the order on September 28, the system showed that the order had been shipped, but I still didn’t receive the package until October 12.
I want to check the status of my Amazon order, but the seller didn’t provide the tracking number, so I can’t find where the order is.
So I sent an email to the seller to ask if they could provide the tracking number, but I didn’t get a reply for two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service, and they gave me the seller’s phone number. I called the seller, and after several attempts, I got through. I was told that the package was lost, but they could send me a new one right away.
Although I was very angry, I didn’t say much to the seller because I urgently needed the computer, so I just asked them to send it to me immediately.
The next day, I called to ask if the package had been shipped.
The seller said it hasn’t been sent yet, it will be sent in the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon and the seller said it would be sent, and it would be sent after 5 or 6 p.m. In the afternoon, but when I called at 7 p.m. In the evening, there was no answer.
I called again the next morning and asked if the goods had been shipped.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it hasn’t been sent, and told me to order it from someone else if I was in a hurry, and it would be sent in the afternoon if I could wait.
There is no way, I have to wait for a long time to order from other places.
I can only ask the seller to hurry up and ship it.
After countless phone calls, I finally received the computer on October 16.
I don’t know how good the computer is because I bought it for someone else, and I will add a comment later.
I bought it half a year ago and used it only a few times, but it is already contaminated. Can it be repaired?
Because I have a desktop computer, I haven’t used it much since I bought it.
I just bring it along in my suitcase when I go on a business trip.
Recently, it was found that when the power supply was connected, it would not charge unless you gently pushed the connector and the cable with your hand.
I suspect that the interface is poorly contacted, and I don’t know if it can be repaired now?
Strongly recommend Amazon to stop using EMS!
Five stars for the product, one star for logistics, and an average of three stars.
I don’t understand why Amazon has to send it by EMS, which is not reliable according to the industry; well, the computer is an expensive item anyway!
After the purchase, the order showed that it would be delivered on the 20th, so my family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
The package arrived in Fuzhou in the morning of the 22nd, and I was ready to receive it happily. However, in the evening, I found that the package had been signed for at noon, and it even showed that I had signed for it myself, without any phone call or text message.
I was shocked instantly!
Who am I? Where am I? Is this computer really mine?
I am seriously questioning my life!
Finally, I went to the collection point to get the computer back.
The specific reason is simple: the delivery man got the two order numbers mixed up. Fortunately, the package was not lost.
I strongly suggest Amazon not to use EMS anymore, and I will definitely not buy from Amazon if they use EMS to send parcels in the future.
The goods are not bad.
First of all, I bought it for a few days and found that the price was reduced. It is not bad, the price-performance ratio is high, the CPU and the graphics card are enough to handle mainstream online games and a considerable part of large single-player games, the heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a bit light (a common problem of IPS screen), the sound quality is not very good, the hard disk is not good (it is recommended to spend some money to add a solid state drive), yesterday I took it to the after-sales service department for hardware testing, there was no problem, the self-owned Win8.1 is not very good to use, it is recommended to upgrade it to 10, the seller sent the goods very fast, and all the inquiries were answered very quickly, the invoice arrived the second day after I received the computer, it is good, it is a pity that there is no gift.
(By the way, don’t buy keyboard skins from a store called E-Cool Digital Center on Taobao. The delivery is slow, the quality is poor, and they won’t refund or exchange products with problems. The boss also talks dirty. I’ll expose it here.)
The food is good, but the platform bureaucracy is still there.
The hard drive is of very good quality and is absolutely cost-effective. It is cheaper than buying it in Hong Kong. If you are not in a hurry to use it and can tolerate the shipping, I would definitely recommend buying it.
But I have to say that the Amazon platform is still bureaucratic, and there has been no improvement compared to a few years ago when I swore I would never use it; you can never check the actual logistics status, the information is always delivered a few weeks later, and you can never complain; it is just so bureaucratic!
The goods have been received for several days, but the logistics information is that you will receive the goods in 10 days!
The logistics is not convenient.
The delivery was in this state, not only was the package flattened, but the electrical appliance package was also opened, and I don’t know if it was tampered with.
FYI
I have not tried it yet, but I always trust Philips, and I hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
I checked online and it seems to be a common problem with water ingress, and there is no warranty.
Frustrating!
Now wrap it with a preservative film and continue to use it, I don’t know how long it can be used.
Bought one that someone else had opened.
The tax of more than 100 for 300 machines is indeed quite high, and now that it is more than 600, I feel more at ease.
When I received it, the sealing tape looked wrong, like it had been opened before, so I quickly took a photo of it, and it was torn open when I opened it, and the cardboard inside was damaged, I was worried that it was returned by someone else, so I quickly tried it on my husband before the anniversary, and the machine didn’t work at all, luckily there was no mess in the blade, how could it be returned so far away!
Whether it is good to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term is not known yet, as the previous review said, the things sent out when there is a shortage are not reliable!
Above average in terms of experience
It is almost top-notch electric, with many kinds of cleaning modes, but few people will change different modes every day.
I used it for half a year and there was no problem, I brushed it every day, and it took me more than a week to clean it.
The brush head accessories are just as cheap to buy on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use, except for changing the color, the other compatibility issues are caused by the overseas version?
I hope to learn Falun Gong.
Very good value for money.
I have used it 3-4 times.
1. The package is intact.
2. It is very easy to use and clean.
3. You can DIY your haircut, which saves money.
All in all, a very successful purchase.
There are fake products.
I bought two packs last time, and they were two different versions. The words in the lower left corner of the package were green, but one of them was not, and the words were white. As a result, the cat got diarrhea after eating it.
I am not sure whether the source of Amazon is fake or the package was misplaced by the staff.
I will buy it again, and if it is still fake, I will hold you and the relevant person accountable.
It is a slash!
The slashes are diagonal on the Amazon picture, but they sent me horizontal ones, isn’t that cheating?
The effect is okay.
The cat likes to eat, that is the main thing.
It really works.
Tight, narrow, clamp feet, grind heel back.
Not recommended.
1. UN is the most comfortable series of clarks, but this one is too bad.
Additional: Today, I compared the previous UN series insoles (I kept the insoles and threw away the shoes), and the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before, it is just soft and fake.
2. My heel is not high, and the part that is rubbed is about 3 cm forward from the highest point of my heel.
3. I bought three pairs of Clarks overseas, but only one pair fits.
I was so scared that I deleted all my collections.
Go back to rockport, if it doesn’t work, you can only go to the Ecco physical store.
The quality is not good because of the substitution.
First of all, Prime Overseas Shopping Ups is very powerful, and I received the package on the 6th of the 31st.
The shoes are much nicer in person than they look in the picture, and the leather feels good.
The shoe size is a little bigger, 25cm long and 10.5cm wide, size 7.5W, it is a little loose when I wear it, but I usually like to wear loose shoes, and it is just right with a pair of shoe pads.
Secondly, the quality control of this shoe is really not to be praised; one shoe has a damaged rubber sole, and the other shoe has various scratches, a pinhole, and a misaligned rubber strip at the connection between the shoe face and the sole; it is a clear case of passing off inferior goods as good ones!
I regret it!
I bought it for 280 yuan during the event, which is quite cost-effective for buying Arthur Smith; of course, there are even lower prices according to the comments.
Now let’s talk about the shoes. The advantages are: the shoes are light, comfortable to run in, and fit well, so they won’t be loose.
It looks good but the defect is obvious: I usually wear size 40 shoes, but I bought size 40.5 this time, and there is about one thumb's length between the front of the shoe and my foot, but it doesn't matter.
The shoes are “narrow”, although there is still some space in front, but it feels tight.
Another thing is that the shoes may not be breathable, and my feet feel hot now.
Pressure on the back of the foot
First of all, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are standard size, running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, I have bought several pairs of Alibaba’s Ailipu, but I have never had a problem with the size. However, I bought this pair of shoes in uk7, one size larger, and it was obviously too long because it was one size larger. However, because the insole was too thick, it was still pressing on the back of my feet, which made it very uncomfortable to wear. Moreover, the hiking shoes were very hard.
If you don’t have particularly thin feet, I wouldn’t recommend buying this.
If you must buy it, you can solve the problem by changing the insole, but it’s a pity that the original insole looks very high-end.
A perfect shopping experience!
I am very satisfied and I like it very much. There is no doubt that the products from Amazon Global are authentic and of good quality. They are also affordable. I feel at ease buying from them. The after-sales service is very thoughtful and the customer service staff are very friendly and nice. They handle problems patiently and efficiently, which perfectly solves my worries. The delivery service is very convenient and reliable. The delivery person is very considerate of the customers and always reminds them to pick up the goods from the delivery box on time. Thank you, Amazon, for providing such a comfortable shopping experience for customers.
In short, we all love shopping on Amazon Global!
Absolutely terrible!
I am speechless about this agency and Amazon.
In the future, you should be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon.
Although it was a long time ago, I still have to vent my frustration.
I bought it for less than 200 yuan in winter, but it has been unused at home for several months.
When I needed to use it in the spring, I found that it couldn’t connect with the bracelet, and both devices said they supported each other. Later, I found that it was a problem with the heart rate band, because I couldn’t connect it with other devices.
I called Amazon and they told me to contact the agent company, and the agent company told me to send the equipment to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After almost half a month, the package was sent back to me in its original condition, and even the delivery box was the one I used when I sent it!
No reply, no acknowledgement, no test report!
You could at least tell me whether it’s good or bad!
I called to ask, and they said that it was okay to send it back like this, indicating that the device was fine.
But I still couldn't connect, and the agency replied: "It's not our problem."
I am unlucky, I don’t want to be bothered by you guys for a 200 yuan thing.
It is a serious mismatch.
It's not a matter of goods.
The material of the headband is very good.
Much better than Nike.
It is also breathable.
Just that hat in front.
Very fine.
Are you here to make fun of me?!
It can't completely block the sunlight.
I did not return it because the headband function is good.
Although it can't block the sun, it's still a good idea to wear it.
But it is different from other headbands.
Keep it.
Good quality product, Amazon lack of contract spirit, good delivery.
I request delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon’s policy is that they cannot deliver on Saturdays or Sundays.
I was so angry that I drove 200 kilometers from a distant place to pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you more?
The delivery person was very active and enthusiastic.
Give me a like!
The product is simple to use and not bad.
But I have never bought similar products before, so I can’t compare prices!
Size and Logistics
The workmanship is fine, but the logistics is too slow. The shoes before were all delivered by DHL. This time, Apex is really... I have bought a lot of UA in China, and the price is not low. I feel that it is of higher quality than NIKE and ADIDAS?
They are all the same, so I just buy them online.
Size: I am 176 cm tall and weigh 68 kg. My shoulder width is usually 180, and I bought M. The bottom is slightly long, and the rest fits well. I saw that someone recommended S size. Is your figure that slim? Or do you like tight-fitting clothes? I think loose-fitting clothes are better for a jacket.
Just the right size.
Chest 99, height 184, weight 84 kg, I consulted the customer service before purchasing and was told to buy XXL, then I saw the comments and decided to buy L, and when I received it, I found that the size was just right, I almost got cheated.
The prices of Double Eleven are much higher than those of Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The problem of cheap goods is very troublesome!
The order under No. 18 was received on the 25th, and the speed of snail from Guangzhou to Beijing!
I bought a Z bargain product, and the description said there were scratches, but when I received the product, I found that there were 4 screws and nuts missing!
The child didn’t want to return the product, thinking that it wasn’t a big deal, but the accessory was such a small part that the child’s grandfather ran to several hardware stores nearby but couldn’t find it!
Finally, Grandpa put it on!
It seems that I can’t buy Z’s affordable products in the future!
The toy processing quality is not good.
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, and it is very difficult to put the screws on; it is obvious that the processing quality is not good, and I don’t know how long it can last, because it is a promise to my child, so I won’t return it.
In other reviews, it was said that the installation was easy, so is there a problem with the one I bought?
Very ordinary.
Is it just bad luck?
The packaging is too old; the workmanship is very ordinary; there is only one kind of music and it is only 8 seconds long and then repeated; the action is just shaking your head and walking forward on your own, without any changes.
It's not worth the price.
If it is urgent, then I won’t return it.
The toys are of good quality, but I have to complain about the packaging.
I received the package yesterday, which I bought from Amazon. It was marked as EMS delivery, but it was finally delivered by Tmall’s courier. How many hands did it go through? Are Amazon and Tmall still on good terms?
Let’s talk about the packaging again. It was wrapped in several layers of plastic wrap, and there was not even a single plastic bubble wrap inside. When I opened it, all the parts were in an empty box. The toy was of good quality, and there were no broken parts. However, it was much bigger than I had imagined, and it often derailed because it was not battery-powered. I felt that the gap on both sides of the track was too big, and the design was unreasonable.
Good quality, fun
It is fun to play with, the components are precise, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is as good as Lego, and the price is very reasonable when you make activities.
The process of assembling is quite interesting, I assemble it and my 5-year-old son plays with it, which is great.
He was laughing and having fun~ I will probably continue to buy toys of this brand in the future.
The machine is new and I bought it online.
I have checked the Christmas Day, it was 150 yuan more expensive before, but it is a bit slow to ship now.
The machine is still good, it is new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then you will get a fantasy if you connect the fairy ball.
It’s not bad to play, and it’s more portable than PS4.
I bought Zelda, waiting for the game, I’ll try again.
They produced bad products, sold bad products, and provided bad services. A customer who bought six watches to give to his child found that one of the watches had a faulty digital display, and the time on all six watches was inconsistent, differing by as much as 14 hours.
I contacted the manufacturer to ask if the watch was checked in when it was put into the warehouse. They replied that it was. If it was, then why is there such a big difference in time? It must be that the watch is not accurate, in other words, it is a fake, not a bad word, but it is a clear quality problem (the numbers are not complete).
I contacted the seller, and the seller gave me a lot of reasons and complained that I shouldn’t have bought their products in the first place. Such products, such sellers, such after-sales services, who would dare to buy things on Amazon in the future.
In short, I recommend that you don’t buy anything from this seller, and even if you do, it will be a piece of junk.
Amazon delivery problem
After receiving the goods, I found that:
1. The package is severely damaged.
2. The manual has serious use folds.
3. The clock does not work, and the desk lamp cannot be charged or used to adjust the time.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only mail it to the United States at your own expense, and then reimburse the postage.
5, 2 points because the customer service is not bad.
I can only say it is still acceptable.
The time is not very accurate, it is about one second faster every day, and it has been more than two minutes faster after only a few months.
I used a Seiko before, and it felt like it wouldn’t be off by a few seconds even after a year or two.
The perpetual calendar function is not bad, but the timing function is useless, and I accidentally enter the timing mode occasionally.
Solar-powered sports watch
Advantages: solar charging, no need to replace the battery, world time, multiple alarms and reminders at the top of the hour.
Cons: The mirror is easy to scratch and get dusty.
Price-performance ratio: the price in China is generally between 220-300, and it is more than 180 when you buy it overseas (it takes about 1 week).
Very satisfied with the watch.
It must be genuine. I checked the goods at the specialty store. The watch looks beautiful, the workmanship is exquisite, the materials are sufficient, and it has an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight. It is not comparable to those so-called mechanical watches that cost 300 or 400 yuan. This one is genuine.
The watch is very accurate and the error is within the acceptable range. There is a jewelry appraisal certificate in the watch package, and the 12 letters on the watch face are real diamonds. It is very suitable for me to wear it myself, and it is also very dignified as a gift.
The Patek Philippe is really nice.
The worst shopping experience ever.
On the evening of September 23, my wife’s phone fell and I was so excited that I immediately ordered an 8p from Amazon. The product was in stock, but it was not self-operated and there was no extra charge (I was secretly happy). However, since it was not self-operated, the delivery was slow and the system showed that the estimated delivery date was September 27 at the latest.
My wife was suffering from not having a phone, so she called me at 6 am the next day to think of a solution. Later, I found that there was 256G in JD and it could be delivered on the same day. So I immediately ordered another one.
I bought a new one and immediately thought of canceling the Amazon order.
Since the order was placed at midnight, it was impossible to receive the parcel in the early morning. I called the customer service at around 7:00 and asked to cancel the order. The customer service replied that it had been canceled and I should wait for the text message.
Okay, I waited patiently, checked my phone at noon, and found that the order was still in the status of not shipped, so I immediately contacted the customer service and asked them to cancel the order as soon as possible, and the customer service replied that the operation was OK.
At 3 pm, I checked my phone and found that the order was still there. I had no choice but to contact customer service again and clearly inform them that it was the third time I had called and to cancel the order and notify the seller not to ship the goods!
The customer service contacted the seller on the spot after my request and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system and that I should wait until the seller was familiar with the system before canceling the order.
But I was told clearly that the seller already knew about it, so please rest assured that the item will not be shipped.
I checked the order on Monday and found that it had already been shipped, which left me speechless.
Since I couldn’t contact the seller directly, I had to call customer service again.
The handling after that was simply speechless, basically I said one step and the customer service would continue to operate.
The order is still in the status of refusal to accept delivery, and I am preparing to deliver it again!
Would Amazon not follow up on this?
The seller company has received the money anyway, so it doesn’t matter if they don’t follow up.
I will never prepay for large items in the future, as it is too troublesome.
It looks beautiful.
I have been interested in this camera for a long time, but I didn’t buy it because of some other reasons besides the price, and this time I bought it because it was free shipping and the price was acceptable.
There was no problem with the other things after I bought it, but I couldn’t connect it when I was connecting the software. I have a TP router at home. After searching online, I found that many people had the same problem. I spent more than two hours changing the router settings, and finally I used 360 WIFI as a medium to solve the problem. During this process, I called the customer service of Xiaomi, but they didn’t have any solution to this problem, and they directly asked me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another thing worth noting is that I saw comments from users online saying that the camera supports a minimum of 8G memory card, and it cannot recognize the one with smaller storage capacity, so please pay attention to this.
It feels okay to use, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor, the machine gets hot to a certain degree, and if it is turned on all the time, the degree of heat feels a bit hard to accept.
As mentioned above, this product has many shortcomings, so I hope you will be careful when buying it.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it with my first love, and we dated for almost 3 years, but then he left me last year, and it’s still like that now.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it with my first love, and I don’t know how much I’ll use it, so maybe I’ll just throw it away!
We have been in contact for almost three years, and she left me last year. Even now, I feel heartbroken when I think of her, and I want to leave this world. The first woman in my life has brought me a lifetime of shadows and pain, and I have not been able to get over it.
When I bought this phone, I thought about the two feelings at that time, and I could still bear hardships together, but now I can’t help regretting it. Maybe life is like this, some people don’t want to meet some things in their life, and some things they don’t want to know, but what can we do?
Every time I see a Samsung phone, I think of her, and the pain comes with it, filling my whole body. I have never been able to afford a phone that costs more than 2,000 yuan, but I didn’t hesitate to buy one for her. No matter how good a person is, if she changes her mind one day, all the oaths and promises will disappear.
Fine products among domestic brands
Huawei is a gem among Chinese products.
The low-key boss and the company rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business atmosphere of relying on advertising to improve brand awareness!
Companies without strength can never do this, and they don’t dare to do so!
That is why I chose Huawei.
I have been using it for more than half a year, and I feel it is very good, very nice.
I didn’t give it a perfect score because there was one time when I was using it for offline navigation and it didn’t locate me, and I couldn’t figure out why, but otherwise it worked fine.
Moreover, it can input the destination online and automatically design the route after searching. Its offline navigation function is very useful when you leave wifi. You don’t need to use data traffic. It communicates with the satellite directly to achieve positioning and navigation, which is great!
Sony’s law is good.
This low-end machine from Sony is still full of design sense, and it is cheap, the screen is big enough, the battery life is great, and it is very suitable for the elderly to use.
Although it is an old machine, it still works fine.
However, because my Z2 was downgraded, this phone also completed its mission.
