This document conforms to the provisions of the GB/T 1.1-2020 standardization work guideline, part 1: structure and drafting rules for standardization documents.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology "The Chinese Coded Character Set and Comparison with GB 18030-2005, except for structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main changes are as follows:
The scope of this document has been expanded (see Chapter 1),
In the bi-byte encoding area, the positions of the GB/I 13000 code corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese components have been changed, and except for 6 Chinese components with repeated codes and 9 Chinese characters with repeated codes (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 version),
18 GB/T 13000 code positions were changed in the four-byte code area (see Appendix D, 2005 version of Appendix D);
The appendix "Additional Chinese Characters and Radicals/Parts" was deleted from the 2005 edition, and
"Increased the level of achievement" (see draft No. 9);
The information appendix "General Standard Chinese Character Table; Code Position of Characters" has been added; see Appendix D.
Please note that some of the contents of this document may involve patents. The publisher of this document is not responsible for identifying patents.
This document is proposed by and under the administration of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The following is the release history of this document and its replaced documents:
The first version was published in 2000 as GB 18030-2000, and the first revision was made in 2005. This is the second revision.
GB 18030 一 2022
Information Enhancement "Chinese Encoded Character Set"
This document specifies the Chinese graphic characters and binary codes for information technology, and their hexadecimal representation.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input, and output of graphic characters information in Chinese and other languages.
This document applies to technical products that have the function of informatization processing and exchange of Chinese and other textual graphic characters, including but not limited to software products such as input method, optical character recognition (OCR), editing proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text conversion, and word processing, and convenience products such as computers, communication terminal devices, electronic book readers, and learning machines.
2 Normative References
The following documents form an integral part of this document by means of normative references contained therein.
Of these, a citation with a date of issue applies only to the version corresponding to that date; a citation without a date of issue applies to the most recent factory version (including all amendments) of the document.
GB/T 2312-1980 “Character set for Chinese code for information interchange” Basic set
GB/I 11383-1989 Information Processing - Eight-bit Code Structure and Coding Rules for Information Exchange
GB/T 13000 Information technology - Universal multiple-octet coded character set (UCS)
3 Terminology and definitions
The following definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character
An element in a set of elements that is used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Show the character (3.1) and its encoding.
3.3 Private use area
Users who use products that conform to this document may define their own regions.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A specified character set (3.1) represented by a code point set (3.2).
3.5 Protected zone reserved zone
Leave as the area provided for in this document in the future.
GB 18030 一 2022
4-word summary
4.1 Overview
The characters in this document are encoded as single, double, or quadruple bytes.
The single-byte part contains all 128 characters from GB/T 11383-1989, 0x00 to 0x7F.
4.3 The two-byte part
The double-byte portion includes all graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, CJK Unified Han characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
The characters in the double-byte part are defined according to Appendix A.
The graphic, code position, and function of the symbolic character description should conform to the provisions in Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam, and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract shapes are assigned separate code positions; Chinese characters with different abstract shapes but the same source are assigned shared code positions.
The encoded Chinese characters are called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 The four-byte part
The four-byte part includes 66 CJK Unified Han characters (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding the 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB) in GB/T 13000, CJK Unified Han characters expansion A, CJK Unified Han characters expansion BCJK, CJK Unified Han characters expansion C, CJK Unified Han characters expansion DCJK, CJK Unified Han characters expansion F, and characters of ethnic minority scripts that have been encoded in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the four-octet part are specified in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the main text, the ones preceded by 0x are in hexadecimal format, and the ones not preceded by 0x are in decimal format.
The Appendix uses hexadecimal notation for all coded representations, and decimal notation for all other representations.
The single-byte part uses the coding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using code points 0x00 to 0x7F.
The bi-character Gong part uses two eight-bit binary positions to represent a character, with the first byte code ranging from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the last byte code ranging from 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE.
The four-byte part uses 0x30 to 0x39, which are not used in GB/T 11383-1989, as a suffix for expanding the two-byte code, and the encoding range is 0x81308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The first character of a four-character string is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; the second character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39; the third character is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; and the fourth character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39. That is, 0x81308130 to 0x81308139; 0x81308230 to 0x81308239; 0x8130FEFE30 to 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 to 0x81318139; 0x0URo23061393 to 0xFE39FE39; 0xFE30FE30 to 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code position range allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
The sequence of the 6 characters
6.1 Alphabetical order of individual character brushes
The single-character record part is arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 The order of arrangement of the characters in the bi-glyph department
The characters in the lower part of the double word shall be arranged in accordance with Appendix A.
6.3 The order of characters in the four-character brush section
From 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, there are 50400 code points, corresponding to all characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane that are not included in the bi-character part, arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1058400 code points are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, and the character arrangement sequence is arranged in sequence according to the corresponding code point sequence of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The order of the four-character elements should conform to Appendix C.
7-bit allocation
1. Code allocation for single-character city parts
The code positions of the single-byte part are allocated according to the rules in GB/T 11383-1989.
The allocation of single byte code points is shown in figure 2.
2. Code position allocation of the double-byte part
The byte pairing arrangement of the two-byte portion is divided into two parts: 0x8140 to 0xFE7E and 0x8180 to 0xFEFE, with a total of 23,940 code points.
The allocation of the two byte code positions is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 code points
Two-byte 1st octet: 846 bits
SS WA and RS Binning Day 3, Sector 6080, Code Position
First byte 0xA8~0xA9, second byte 5 sectors: 192 code positions
3. Two-letter vegetable part code space structure diagram
Table 2: Code position arrangement of the bi-character hearing aid
Human code range
Code position allocation of the four-character brush section
The four-character part includes Chinese characters and some minority ethnic scripts.
The allocation of the four-byte human codewords is shown in Table 3.
The allocation of the four-bit human-readable code elements not specified in Table 3 is given in 6.3.
Table 3: Code position arrangement of the four-character hearing department
Bit range
Table 3: Bit assignment for the four-byte part (continued)
Bit position range Number of digits in the bit position
From 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39, there are 25200 code points for user-defined areas.
The other four bytes of unused code are reserved areas for future file extensions.
Part 8: Description of characters and codes
Compared with GB 18030-2005, the shape of some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General Principles
This document defines three levels of implementation.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input/output functions for all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Achieving Level 1
Implement the CJK Unified Ideographs at level 1 (i.e., 0x82358F33 to 0x82359636) and CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion-A (i.e., 0x8139EE39 to 0x82358738) in the single-byte code, bi-season code, and four-character bottom code parts of this document.
Any product covered by this document shall meet the requirements for level 1 conformance.
Note: Depending on the software application requirements, Level 1 can also support any one or more of the non-Chinese character types listed in Table 3.
9.3 Achieving Level 2
Level 2 includes Level 1.
In addition, it also achieves level 2 compliance for the encoding characters that are not included in the General Standard of Chinese Characters Table.
The code positions and shapes of the characters in the General Standardization of Chinese Characters) are shown in the appendix.
System software and support software shall meet the requirements of level 2.
Note: System software and application software include, but are not limited to, operating systems, database management systems, and middleware (for information on the classification of software products, see GB/T 36475).
9.4 Achieving Level 3
Level 3 includes Level 2.
In addition, the Level 3 realization also supports all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the Kanji radicals in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of level 3 of the Common Criteria.
Note: The business of public service and communal services includes, but is not limited to, the railway transportation industry, the road transportation industry, the water transportation industry, the air transportation industry, multimodal transportation and transportation agency business, postal services, money and financial services, insurance business, land management business, health business, state institutions, social security business, etc. (For information on industry classification, see GB/T 4754).
Appendix A (normative)
Two-character string table
A.1 Table of contents
This table shows the shape and code of the two-byte encoded characters, as well as the position of the corresponding code in GB/T 13000.
Explanation of the table A.2
Here is an example:
First byte, second byte, low position
Double byte 3 area
Second byte high position GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (prescriptive)
Symbolic Description Characters
This appendix includes 13 pictographic description symbols specified by GB/TI 13000, along with their graphic codes and functional descriptions.
For specific details, see Table B.1.
Table B.1: Graphical, code position, and function description of the alphabetic characters of the descriptors
The bit positions of this document are similar and not equal to the bit positions of GB/T 13000, which are used to express a character by borrowing another character.
Left and right structure
Up-down structure
Left, center, right structure
Upper Middle Lower structure
All-encompassing structure
Return to the encirclement structure.
Back to the encirclement structure
Right enclosure structure
Right lower encasement structure
Left Lower Enclosure Structure
Right upper encasement structure
Rent-to-own structure
Appendix C (normative)
Four-character book character table
C.1 Table of contents
This table shows the shape and code of Chinese characters and some minority ethnic scripts, as well as the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code for the character, but the shape of other characters is omitted.
Explanation of Table C.2
Appendix D (Informative)
Description of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions
B 18030 1 2005 specifies the provisional code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000, and these code positions are adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Correspondence of adjusted codes (continued)
This document and the corresponding GB 18030/2005 correspond to GB/T 13000 code points.
D.2 6 Hanzi components deleted in the Duanzi area
Table D.2 Code position and reserved characters
D.3 9 CJK Compatibility Ideographs deleted from the bottom right glyph range
This document deletes the 9 CJK ideographic characters in GB/TI 13000 included in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3: Deleted 9 CJK Compatibility Characters and their code positions
Appendix A (informational) General Standardized Chinese Character Table Code position of Chinese characters
This document includes all 8105 standard characters in the 4th General Standard Character Set Approved by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. The code positions and character shapes of these characters are shown in Table 1.
The order of Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the 4,000 commonly used characters in the 》Commonly Used Characters Table. Characters with serial numbers 1 to 3500 are first-level characters, characters with serial numbers 3501 to 6500 are second-level characters, and characters with serial numbers 6501 to 8105 are third-level characters.
Table E.1 Code positions and shapes of Chinese characters in the General Standardization of Chinese Characters Table
GB/ 工 4754 Industrial Classification of National Economy
GB/36475 Classification of software products
General Standard Character Set. State Council of the People's Republic of China (National Development and Reform Commission [2013] No. 23.
The content of this page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C Compiler, and is limited to explaining the meaning of options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain it, the EURo file is the authoritative document.
If you find any discrepancies between the pages of the manual and the software, please check the Info
If we find that the content of this page is so outdated as to cause obvious confusion and complaints, we will stop publishing it. There is no other option, such as updating the Info file while updating the man page, because other work maintaining Gnu cc does not leave us time to do this. The GNU project believes that the man page is an outdated product and should spend time on other things.
For a complete and up-to-date documentation, please refer to the Info file `gee' or the manual Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0). Both are derived from the original Texinfo file gee. texinfo.
The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They both require one or more of the four steps to process input files: preprocessing, compilation, assembly, and linking.
The suffix in the source file identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix controls the default settings:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C file and sets the connection in C format,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a C++ file and sets up the connection in C++ style.
The suffix of the source file indicates the type of language and the post-processing:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i is a preprocessed C file; compile, assemble
.ii C++ files after preprocessing; compilation, assembly
.s assembly language source program; assembly
Compiling language source programs; preprocessing, assembly.
.h preprocessor file; usually does not appear on the command line. Other files with the same suffix are passed to the linker. Typically includes:
.0 Object file
.a Archive File
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the entire process), linking is always the final step.
During linking, all the.e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, and file names that cannot be recognized (including specified.o H header files and.a library files) are passed to the linker options (OPTIONS) in the order specified in the command line.
The options must be given separately: "de" is not the same as "-d -r".
Most of the `=-E: and `-W' options have two opposite formats: `-fname' and `-fno-name' (or `-Wname' and `-Wno-name').
Only the formats that are not the default are listed here.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in the following sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Specifies that the language of the file to be entered next is language (rather than the default selection derived from the file name).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next optional `-x' option .language
Close any explicit language indication, thus based on the file name after the file processing suffix (the `-x' option).
If you only want to operate on a part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, linking), you can use the `-x' option (or the Ah file name) to tell geo where to start, and use the `-c', `-s', or `-E' options to tell geo where to end. Note that some combinations of options (for example, `-x cpp-output -E') tell geo to compile or assemble the source file, and if ETER. ERA ATI is not specified, GCC will use `.o' to replace the source file name with `.ec' as the target file name. You can use the `-o' option to choose other names. GCC ignores any unrecognizable input after the `-ec' option.
The target file has been deleted.
Compilation stops when it is complete, without generating an assembly file.
Use pipes instead of temporary files between different stages of the compilation process, because the assemblers of those systems cannot read data from pipes, while the GNU assembler does not have this problem. The assembler that can accept the C "dialect": it supports C programs that conform to the ANSI standard.
This will close some features keywords in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as features such as unix and vax that indicate the rarely used ANSI trigraph features, and the prohibition of using (Note: All standard libraries are available under the hosted environment, and the main function returns an int value, which is typical for almost all programs except for the kernel. The corresponding freestanding environment does not have a standard library, and the program entry point is not necessarily main. The most obvious example is the operating system kernel. For details, refer to the latest information on the gcc website)
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', C-style is used - that is, no number or type of parameters is specified. (This applies only to C++).
Normally, such a function foo in C++ means that the parameter is empty.
The节清单 is hereby removed from the attempt to support certain aspects of traditional C compilers.
See the NU c manual for details, which we have removed to avoid people Googling it when the content is outdated.
There is one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing this to be assigned.
It is the same as the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional C preprocessor.
In particular, the above mentioned content about the preprocessor does not include the other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers Allows the use of `$' characters in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the `-Eno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to indicate that the use of the '$' symbol is prohibited.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' character by default on some target systems, but not on all.)
-fenum-int-equiv Allows implicit conversions from ant type to enumeration type (MEF C++).
Normally, GNU C++ allows a conversion from enum to int, but not the other way around.
-fexternal-—templates produces smaller code for template declarations (only for C++), by generating a copy of each template function only where it is defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark `#pragma implementation` (define) or `#pragma interface` (declare) in all files that use the template.
When compiling with the `-fexternal-templates' option, all template instantiations are external types. You must make the instances you need appear in the implementation files.
This can be achieved through typedef, which references each instance as needed.
Correspondingly, if the default option `-fno-external-templates' is used at compile time, all template instances are explicitly set to be built-in.
All member functions (except for constructor functions and the mnew or delete member operators) are considered to be virtual functions of the class in which they are declared.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal vtable.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch allows the types of the second and third parameters of an expression to be different.
The value of this kind of expression is Void.-fthis-—is-variable allows you to assign a value to this (C++ only).
Merging the user-defined free storage management mechanism into C++ makes the assignable `this` out of place.
Therefore, by default, an assignment to this inside a class member function is an invalid operation.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this operation work by using the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, like unsigned char.
All machines have their own default char type, which can be either unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, when symbolic data dependencies are involved, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned char.
However, many programs are written to use only simple chars, and this is for a machine that uses signed numbers (or unsigned numbers, depending on the specific machine on which the program is written).
This option, and its opposite, make such a program work with the corresponding default value.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If no explicit declaration of the `signed' or `unsigned' modifiers is made, these options are used to define a signed or unsigned bit field, respectively.
By default, the bit fields are signed because they inherit the basic integer types, such as int, which are signed. However, if the `-traditional' option is specified, the bit fields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in writable data segments and does not perform any special handling.
This is to maintain compatibility with some old programs, and they consider changing the string constant to be a very bad idea; the `-traditional' option also has the same effect.
Executive Summary
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
Its impact may be similar to the economic crisis in 2008.
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed healthcare services, leading to near-collapse, and the restrictions imposed by governments have caused severe disruption to the global economy.
The impact of the pandemic on the drug market is unclear and difficult to predict, but it could be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers may be forced to find new routes and methods due to travel restrictions, which they are unable to cross due to border restrictions.
The patterns of drug use and supply may change, and the government's ability to respond may be hindered.
The changes brought about by COVID-19 are unprecedented, but we can still learn from past crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances and shifted to using drugs by injection.
At the same time, governments have cut their drug-related budgets.
If governments respond to the current economic recession in the same way, interventions to prevent drug use and related risk behaviors, as well as detoxification and treatment services, may be severely impacted.
In addition, the priority of interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Some countries have a large amount of drugs smuggled through commercial flights, and it is expected that these countries will be most directly affected by drug trafficking activities.
Messengers carry methamphetamine and other synthetic drugs in their backpacks or hide them in their personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. With restrictions on air travel in place almost everywhere, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs may be completely disrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, activities involving trafficking using the dark web and parcel post may increase.
In the long run, the economic recession and related lockdown measures could disrupt the drug market.
Due to the rising unemployment rate and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people are more likely to use drugs in a harmful way, develop drug addiction, and turn to illicit activities related to drugs, whether it is production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable people and recruit new members to grow their ranks.
As government capacity to respond diminishes, these shifts are likely to take root quickly, becoming the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth pattern partly explains the reason for market expansion
Drug use is increasing worldwide, both in terms of the overall number of users and the proportion of the world's population that uses drugs.
In 2009, it was estimated that there were 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged between 15 and 64. In 2018, it was estimated that there were 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3% of this population.
During the past two decades, the growth of drug addiction in developing countries has been much faster than in developed countries.
This reflects, to a certain extent, the difference in overall population growth during this period, with developed countries at 7% and developing countries at 28%, but also reflects the faster growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population in this age group in developing countries grew by 16%, while it declined by 10% in developed countries.
Urbanization is a driving factor in the current and future drug markets.
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more prevalent in urban areas than in rural areas.
Part of the reason for the overall increase in drug use is the massive shift of population from rural to urban areas. Currently, more than half of the world's population lives in urban areas, compared to 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, particularly in developing countries where urbanization is more pronounced.
The increase in wealth is associated with an increase in drug use, but the burden of disease is greatest among the poorest people worldwide. Drug use is more common in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are even more firmly associated with the world's wealthier regions.
Similarly, within countries, the drug use prevalence rate is higher among the wealthy segments of society.
However, the rate of conversion to drug addiction is higher among people with lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a few countries suggest that there is a link between harmful drug use patterns and disease and low income.
These patterns seem less common among wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks faced by the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as an increase in unemployment, have traditionally been associated with an increase in drug use. However, the pandemic has already led to the unemployment of millions of people around the world.
The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to further expansion of the drug market. The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in the cultivation of illicit crops, either because the state authorities' control capacity has decreased or because, in the face of economic crises, more people may be forced to take risks and engage in illicit activities.
The related restrictions on COVID-19 have led to a reduction in air and land transportation, and as a result, maritime trafficking may have increased. The risk of interception at sea is low, and there are more shipments than air or land smuggling.
Recently, there have been reports that cocaine is being transported directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Complexity increased.
The situation with non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but the emergence of new types of opioids with potential harm is increasing, and the drug market is becoming more complex.
In addition to plant substances such as marijuana, cocaine, and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of drugs is also rapidly increasing.
There are about 500 new active substances on the domestic market of member states each year.
Currently, the majority of these substances are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid agonists and a small amount of opioids.
Although the total number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportions have changed.
Of the total number of new psychoactive substances identified in 2014, only 2% were new psychoactive substances of the opioid type, but by 2018, this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances in the opioid family are similar to fentanyl, and their effects and dangers have been proven, leading to overdose deaths in North America, and to a lesser extent in other regions.
In North America, fentanyl is used as a cutting agent for heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, and is also used to make counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
There is evidence that injection of new psychoactive substances is also a phenomenon in Europe: a study of waste residues from syringes in six European cities found that many of the syringes contained new psychoactive substances that have a stimulant effect.
The use of new psychoactive substances may become entrenched among vulnerable groups over time.
New psychoactive substances of a single type have almost never formed a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups in society, such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with synthetic cannabinoids identified as the main challenge in most of them.
Controls on precursor chemicals have forced drug makers to innovate. Many chemicals that were once used as precursors to manufacture amphetamine, methamphetamine, and "ecstasy" and other drugs have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and manufacturers have been looking for alternatives, not only substances with less regulation, but also chemicals designed specifically to evade regulation, known as "tailor-made precursors."
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to put further pressure on drug makers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this has become a reality: in March 2020, a shortage of methylphenidate precursors imported from East Asia reportedly led to a rise in the price of methylphenidate in both Mexico and the United States.
The market is constantly changing.
Synthetic drugs replace opioids in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opioid market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opioids intercepted by the authorities of the Russian Federation has decreased by about 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for the use of opioids has decreased significantly.
But the market for performance-enhancing drugs seems to be growing.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including ephedrine and a-pyrrolidinopentiophenone, are now readily available on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities reported that the number of secret manufacturing sites for various illicit drugs seized recently has risen sharply, more than doubling in two years, reaching 152 sites in 2018.
Methamphetamine markets grow in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions had already revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal methamphetamine has become a major drug of concern, in addition to "fenethylline" and quomodone.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug users saying that marijuana was harder to obtain than "Percocet" or methamphetamine.
Recently, Iraqi authorities have discovered multiple methamphetamine processing sites, and the International Narcotics Control Board has expressed concern about the large import of pseudoephedrine drugs, which are used as precursors in methamphetamine processing sites.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacture appears to have begun in 2014.
Since then, seizures of methamphetamine have been steadily increasing.
However, the seizure volume in the first half of 2019 was 657 kg - a significant increase compared to the previous year.
Large quantities of methamphetamine believed to originate from Afghanistan have been seized in other countries, indicating that production in that country is rapidly increasing.
Policy changes and trends of change
The majority of jurisdictions that have legalized non-medical use of cannabis have seen an increase in its use.
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay, and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since its legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical cannabis use.
In Colorado and Washington, the two states in the United States that first passed legislation, the number of adults using marijuana for non-medical purposes increased, especially in the past month and those who used it daily or almost daily, which has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that cannabis use in Uruguay has increased since 2011, and use in the past month has almost doubled.
This indicates that the main reason for the increase is the regular and frequent use of cannabis.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, use was also increasing.
However, in 2019, 40% of cannabis users still obtained some products from illegal sources.
Is the reason behind the sharp drop in global cannabis herb seizures the legalization of cannabis?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years, due to a decline in seizures in North America, which fell by 84% over the past decade.
In comparison, seizures in other parts of the world during the same period almost doubled. The pattern of seizures indicates that policies aimed at liberalizing the marijuana market played a key role in the decline.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances seems to have a deterrent effect. It is still difficult to assess the effectiveness of the regulation of new psychoactive substances in China.
Some countries that have different regulatory systems for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of use of new psychoactive substances.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased after domestic legislation was passed.
Vulnerable groups face harm from both the legal and illegal drug markets. The use of opioids for pain management and palliative care is mainly provided in high-income countries. The distribution of pain medication is uneven across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all pharmaceutical opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
Approximately 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
The population of these countries accounts for about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that the population of low- and middle-income countries accounts for 88% of the global population, but the consumption of pharmaceutical opioids is less than 10%.
Obstacles to obtaining opioids for medical use are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, the health system, and prescription practices.
People in poorer areas are more at risk of drug addiction. In 2018, around 35.6 million people were addicted to drugs.
Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization may increase the risk of and exacerbate the consequences of drug addiction. This has been confirmed by studies in high-income countries, where the socio-economic trajectory of individuals is not only related to their status at a certain point in time, but also to the risk of drug addiction.
Drug addiction also deepens socio-economic disadvantage, further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thereby fuelling a vicious cycle of disadvantage. These outcomes may also be related to stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, sexual and gender diverse groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and those living in rural environments may also be disproportionately affected by drug addiction or face problems accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy years of life lost due to disability and premature death, harmful drug use has had a wider social impact over the past 10 years.
From 2007 to 2018, the global disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) attributable to drug use increased by 17%.
The increase in the number of years of life with a disability associated with hepatocellular carcinoma caused by untreated hepatitis C among injecting drug users is particularly high - up to 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex, and it is difficult to establish a causal link between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggests that intoxication may be an important factor in homicides.
But in violent incidents, alcohol's role seems to be greater than that of drugs.
While drug use may lead to crime, in some cases this link can be partly attributed to a range of intervening factors, such as socio-economic disadvantage, and other types of adversity, such as individual risk factors, family environment and peer influences.
The connection between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, can be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the existence and degree of violence is more dependent on changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized crime groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group and strengthen another.
Latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most dangerous.
It is estimated that 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most widely used drug in the world.
By comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
However, the related hazards of opioids are ignored due to the relatively low number of users.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug abuse in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances, and 50% of the estimated 21 million years of life lost due to disability or premature death believed to be caused by drug abuse were caused by these substances.
The non-medical use of synthetic opioids has exacerbated the public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, the crisis is aggravated by methaqualone; in North America, it is by fentanyl. The two regions have almost nothing in common in terms of economic, demographic, or general drug use patterns, but they are both struggling to combat the opioid crisis fueled by the easy availability and low production costs of the substances.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to a 20-year increase in opioid overdose deaths.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada also reported similar results, but with lower numbers.
Part of the reason that fentanyl overdoses are deadly is that the fentanyl on the illicit drug market is unpredictable in its effects.
The market for non-medical use of khat has grown significantly in West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa.
In the region, more and more patients with the disease are receiving treatment with Qumado.
In 2017, the global seizure of fentanyl increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.
However, in 2018, after India passed a new law regulating ketamine, global seizures dropped to 32 tons.
The crises in these two locations were caused by the manufacture of simple and low-cost products, as well as the lack of international regulation of ketamine and many other Fentanyl-like substances or their precursors.
What exacerbates the crisis in these two regions is that these substances are available on the pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
Use of stimulants is increasing
The area of drugs of abuse is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are on the rise in their main markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, as cocaine is popular in North America and Western Europe.
Approximately 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most commonly used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, methamphetamine use has been expanding in both regions for the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes even substituting for each other. When the use of one drug increases, the use of the other decreases, and sometimes both increase and decrease simultaneously to meet the demands of the same market.
COVID-19 increases the risk for injecting drug users
It is estimated that there were about 11.3 million people who injected drugs in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million injection drug users are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million have hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died of drug overdose, half of whom died of liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and most of the injecting drug users with hepatitis C have not been treated.
The shortage of opioids caused by COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to substitute them with more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injection or inject more frequently, more harmful use patterns may emerge.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Instructions for use
Product Introduction
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it in a safe place.
The headphones themselves come with a medium-sized earplug, so if you feel uncomfortable, you can remove it and use a smaller one.
01 Put on headphones
Gently push the earbuds into your ear canal at an angle, so that the headphones rest lightly on your head without moving.
When talking on the phone, the microphone of the headset should be positioned near the mouth for clearer communication.
When switching to voice, please remember to adjust the microphone on the headset.
Before using the device with charging, please tear off the webs on the left and right charging points of the earphones, and fully charge the charging box and earphones.
The charging cable can be inserted to charge both the headphones and the charging case at the same time.
The charging indicator light remains on red when the charging box is not fully charged. When the charging box is fully charged, the indicator light turns off.
While charging the headphones, the headphones' indicator light will flash red and remain on until the headphones are fully charged, and the headphones' indicator light will turn off 1 minute after turning white.
02 Charging and Bootup
The headphones are in the charging case, and they automatically turn on when you take them out of the charging case.
If the headphones are not in the charging case and have been turned off, press and hold the multifunction button for about 1 second (the white light will turn on for 1 second).
Hold for about 1 second
White light is on for 1 second.
Shutdown
Put it into the charging case, and the earphones will automatically turn off.
In the power-on state, press and hold the multi-function key for about 5 seconds (red light is on for 2 seconds)
Hold down for about 5 seconds.
Human Red Light Long Light 2 Machine
03 Start using it
Auto-pairing: the station pairs the two headphones from outside the charging box.
The two GTOs started automatically, and the white lights lit up.
The red and white lights then flickered six times. The left and right pouches appeared to be connected in series.
Wait for the left/right earbud LED to flash. Open the device and search for "RedmIArDots2" and click OK.
After the first connection, the Fanvil phone will automatically reconnect to the last paired device (Bluetooth must be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the headphones back in the charging case and repeat the above steps.
Long press for about 1 second to turn on
Headset indicator light
Freely switch between one ear and two ears; when both earphones are successfully connected, they are in dual-connect mode; when you put either earphone back into the charging case to turn it off, the other earphone enters single-ear mode, and it will automatically return to dual-ear mode when you take it out again.
Manual connection: Turn on the earphones manually when they are turned off. The white light will turn on, followed by the flashing of the white and red lights. The left and right earphones will be automatically connected in series. Wait for the white lights of the left and right earphones to flash slowly, and then turn on the device and search for the Bluetooth connection.
Resetting the headphones
If the headphones cannot be used normally, please reset them according to the following method.
Headphones: Take the headphones out of the charging case, and while the device is turned off, press and hold the multi-function button on both headphones for 15 seconds. Release the buttons and put the headphones back in the charging case. The red and white lights will flash three times (to clear the pairing record between the headphones and the device).
The product accessories, user interface, and other illustrations in the manual are for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the illustrations. Please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Fengxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi ecosystem enterprises)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongli District, Chongqing
The phone number is 400-100-5678.
For information related to Benyang Operation, please refer to the sales network: www.micom
The patent application reads: V10reae
Key features
The following functions can be operated on both earphones. When a call comes in, press the button lightly to answer the call; when on a call or playing music, press the button again to play/pause the audio. Press and hold the button for about 1 second to end the call.
When a call comes in, reject the call, switch to the headset/phone speaker double-click
Mute/Unmute during a call
When idle, activate voice assistant (requires device support for voice function and quick wake-up setting is turned on)
Answer the second call and switch between calls
When you are on a mobile call, you can click the multifunction key to keep the previous call or answer the second incoming call by clicking the multifunction key once; you can switch between two calls by double-clicking the multifunction key.
Basic parameters
Product Name: Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Product Model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the headphones
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameters: 5V 2 100mA
Single ear net weight: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free environment)
Wireless connectivity: Bluetooth 5.0
Charging time: approximately 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Talk time: approximately 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
Warning
1 Do not disassemble, repair or modify the earphones for any reason, otherwise it may cause fire or even completely damage the product;
2 Do not place the device in an environment with low or high temperatures;
When using the device's indicator light, please avoid directing it at the eyes of children or animals.
4 Do not use this device in a thunderstorm, as thunderstorms can cause the device to malfunction and increase the risk of electric shock.
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to clean this product;
6 Do not allow the product to come into contact with liquids.
Notice
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 It is necessary to choose a reputable manufacturer and a charger that has passed the CCC certification of the country.
3 Long-term continuous use of headphones may cause hearing loss, so please control the use time and volume reasonably;
4 Using headphones will reduce your ability to hear external sounds. Please do not use headphones in environments that may pose a safety risk.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5, 500mA
Output parameters: 5V, 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Battery Type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Warranty Notice
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones product after-sales service is strict
We provide after-sales service in accordance with the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, and the service content is as follows:
1. Warranty Policy
If the product exhibits any performance faults listed in the "Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Fault Table" within 7 days of you receiving it, and if the fault is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you may enjoy a free return or exchange service;
2. If the product exhibits performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Fault Table” within 8 to 15 days after you receive it, and if the fault is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can
Within 12 months from the day after you receive the product, if the product has performance defects listed in the "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Defect Table" and is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can enjoy free repair services.
A product performance failure table for Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Name Performance Failure
1 No sound during use.
The Bluetooth earphones "2" have no sound when the other person is talking.
The battery cannot be charged.
07 Warranty Exclusions
1 Unauthorized repairs, misuse, collision, negligence, improper use, overfilling, accidents, alterations, incorrect use of non-original accessories or tearing, defacing or altering the markings, anti-counterfeiting marks;
2. Has exceeded the three-year validity period;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Not in line with the performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Fault Table”
5. The product and its accessories may experience performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Fault Table” due to human factors.
Name and content of harmful substances in the product
The harmful substances in this table are compiled according to the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates refugee policy; EU officials: reception process has bottlenecks at every step - www.chinanews.com
EU summit is in constant dispute over refugee policy; EU officials: every step in the reception process is a bottleneck
[Reporter of the Global Times, special envoy to Belgium, Ni Ruifeng] According to a report by Agence France-Presse on February 10, at the latest EU summit on that day, the President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, said that the EU leaders agreed to establish stricter policies on illegal immigration, making it easier to expel illegal immigrants.
The move by the EU is reportedly in response to growing concerns over illegal immigration in Europe, where the EU's core problem now is that the number of illegal immigrants who can ultimately be repatriated is very small.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize a large amount of EU funds" to strengthen external borders with infrastructure and surveillance measures.
However, the EU and its member states have been embroiled in a dispute over the cost of the fence.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly stated that EU funds will not pay for the costs involved.
However, some diplomats from member countries said that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers, and other infrastructure along its external borders, it would free up national budgets for the countries, thereby speeding up the construction process.
According to the European Euractiv website, EU officials admit that every step in the process of accepting refugees is fraught with bottlenecks. The limited capacity for accepting refugees and the overburdened immigration authorities in member states cannot stop refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications in EU countries. The EU's refugee acceptance system is in a state of near-permanent crisis.
According to the European Commission, the Schengen countries in the EU received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half compared to the previous year.
At the same time, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal border crossings last year.
In this context, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries can deport illegal immigrants back to their home countries based on a court ruling of another member country.
In addition, the report states that EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of safe countries," which will pave the way for the EU to establish a common list.
(Source: The Global Times, author: Ni Ruifeng)
The United States' escalation of the "chip war" has dealt a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry - www.chinanews.com
Recently, the United States' "chip war" with China has been escalating - first, the Netherlands and Japan, under pressure from the United States, agreed to launch controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; later, foreign media reported that the United States government is considering cutting off all links between US suppliers and Huawei, banning US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to publish an executive order to limit US investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries... As early as the beginning of 2023, the United States has been using more and more evil tactics to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its efforts to suppress China's "chip" development. While it has been precisely suppressing the semiconductor supply chain in China, it has also been building a "de-China" alliance for the semiconductor industry chain, with the aim of completely "breaking away" from China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to form a "technology alliance" with South Korea or a "semiconductor quadrilateral alliance" with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, or to form a "semiconductor industrial chain clique" through the "quadrilateral mechanism" of the United States, Japan, India and Australia, or the "Indo-Pacific economic framework", the United States, by introducing political, partisan and weaponized means into the semiconductor industry, aims to build a closed industrial chain and supply chain cycle dominated by the United States, thereby making up for its shortcomings in the field of semiconductor manufacturing and maintaining its leading position in the global semiconductor industry.
However, the United States' overt "chip warfare" against China is also "injuring the enemy while harming oneself eight hundred times".
Recently, the well-known chip manufacturing equipment supplier in the United States, the Panasonic Group, announced that the company would lay off 1,300 full-time employees due to the latest round of export bans on Chinese chip manufacturing equipment, and it also plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
The Dutch ASML, a global leader in lithography machines, recently warned that banning the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to a rise in the price of semiconductors.
According to analysis by American media, after the US government imposed arbitrary sanctions on the semiconductor and other industries in China, many American companies suffered, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, manufacturers of wafer manufacturing equipment, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The United States claims to suppress China's advanced semiconductor industry, but it has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has long formed a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain.
According to estimates by professionals, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross national borders more than 70 times, and the entire process takes 100 days.
Although the semiconductor industry in the United States is relatively strong in terms of its foundation, it is relatively weak in terms of manufacturing capabilities, especially in advanced process technologies, and is heavily dependent on the East Asian region.
Even if the United States tries to steer the advanced chip supply chain towards the "closed circle" regional development dominated by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor industry will be difficult to change.
The United States has vigorously “rebuilt” the semiconductor industry chain to “de-China” it, which has dealt a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the future industry globally, and the development of the chip industry cannot be achieved without the joint participation of all countries in the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively issuing the Innovation and Competition Act, the American Competition Act of 2022, and the Chips and Science Act, to use technological hegemony to consolidate its technological superiority; it has used "carrots and sticks" to coerce allies such as Intel, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, and Samsung to build factories in the United States, and has made great efforts to ensure that the United States maintains its global leadership in the field of semiconductors.
In the short term, the United States has indeed created trouble for China's semiconductor industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.
In the long run, however, the United States' excessive suppression will force China's semiconductor industry to continue to break through, causing the United States to lose a huge Chinese market, which will ultimately greatly weaken the innovation willingness and innovation ability of American technology companies, and harm the development of the global semiconductor industry.
Hao Jiao
First batch of personal pension financial products launched, with a minimum holding period of 360 days - www.chinanews.com
First batch of personal pension financial products go on sale
Seven products are available for home institutions, and the shortest holding period is only 360 days.
Personal pension financial products are finally available.
On February 10, China Finance Network released the first list of personal pension financial products, and 7 personal pension financial products from Bank of China Finance, Agricultural Bank of China Finance, and China Postal Savings were officially launched.
Up to this point, the "shelves" of personal pension accounts have finally been filled with four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension investment management, personal pension insurance, and publicly-traded personal pension funds.
It was reported that the first batch of personal pension financial products are all publicly offered net asset value open-end products, including 5 newly issued products and 2 existing products. Except for one product that is a mixed type product, the other 6 products are all fixed income type products.
As a reporter from Beijing Youth Daily observed, four of the five new products were from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which were fixed-income products with the shortest holding period of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days, respectively. The corresponding performance benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, and 5.25% - 5.75%, respectively.
The remaining new product is "Postal Savings Wealth Adds Joy Huangqin No. 1 Shortest Holding Period 1095 Days," which is also a fixed-income product. It began collecting funds on February 10 and ended on February 19. Its risk level is level 2.
Of the two surviving products, one is Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management's "Agricultural Bank of China Unity and Dynamism" 360-day Science and Technology Innovation RMB Wealth Management Product, which is of a mixed nature and has a risk level of three.
Another surviving product is "Postal Savings Wealth Adds Joy Huangqin No. 1 with a Minimum Holding Period of 365 Days," a fixed-income product. It started collecting funds on December 30 last year and officially started operating on January 4 this year. Its cumulative net value on February 8 was 1.0011.
According to the Opinions of the State Council Office on Promoting the Development of Individual Pension Insurance, the funds in the personal pension fund account can be invested in financial products such as bank wealth management products, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, and publicly-offered funds.
The launch of the first personal pension financial products marked the official start of personal pension investors' ability to purchase financial products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the Interim Measures for the Management of Individual Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Asset Management Companies.
The Measures stipulate that participants may purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension financial products, personal pension insurance products, and publicly-offered personal pension fund products through their personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation jointly issued a notice, clearly stating that the individual pension system would be implemented in 36 pilot cities and regions, including Beijing, Tianjin, and the Xiongan New Area in Hebei, as well as Jinzhong in Shanxi.
As of the end of 2022, there were 19.54 million participants in individual pensions, with 6.13 million people paying in, and total contributions amounted to RMB 14.2 billion.
Previously, banks participating in the pilot only offered three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products, and publicly-traded funds for personal pensions.
Now that personal pension investment products have all gathered together, how should investors choose?
According to experts from the product development department of ICBC Wealth Management, compared with other personal pension products, pilot-phase pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products both have three characteristics.
One is stability, with a more robust risk management mechanism, more stable investment strategies and principles, and the implementation of independent third-party custody by a non-parent bank.
Second, long-term nature. The duration of the pilot period for the long-term care financial products is 5 years or more. In the future, the holding period of the individual pension financial products will be 1 year as a minimum, and holding periods of 3 years or more will be encouraged.
Third, it is inclusive. The threshold for purchasing products is low, with a starting point of 1 yuan, and some as low as 0.01 yuan. The custody fees, management fees, and other fees for the products are even more favorable.
Professionals point out that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the product and their own risk tolerance.
Individual pension savings have the characteristics of long-term duration, high interest rates, and high safety, which are suitable for people with low risk tolerance; individual pension insurance products focus on protection, which is more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; while individual pension investment products and publicly offered fund products have no guarantee of principal or returns, have certain investment risks, but have relatively high expected returns, which are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and relatively high risk tolerance.
Writer: Jie Cheng, editor of the paper, coordinated by Poolsan Qiu
The fitness industry should overcome the crisis of trust - www.chinanews.com
Another large gym “defaults”?
Recently, the issue of member rights protection at the popular fitness club, Zhongxin Fitness, has attracted social attention.
After the Chinese New Year, many members found that their local stores were not operating normally. Subsequently, rumors about the agency's bankruptcy and absconding caused panic among members, leading to the involvement of public security and human resources departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the agency came forward to respond, promising to work hard to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the storm eventually subsided.
Some gyms have temporarily closed some of their stores due to operational problems, and consumers could have waited calmly for the problems to be solved. Why is the first reaction of many members to this situation "something is wrong"?
The dispute over the rights of fitness club members is a symptom of a deeper problem of trust in the industry.
Traditional fitness centers in China generally adopt a prepaid model, and "making money from users who don't come" is the underlying logic of their development.
By obtaining cash flow through pre-selling membership cards and opening new stores, it seems that the cycle can be repeated, but in reality, it is like eating the rice of the ox, and it is impossible to form a stable profit model.
Negative news about gyms going bankrupt and other industries has been spreading, causing a strong impact on consumer confidence.
In terms of market prospects, gyms are certainly a good business with a "promising future".
The fitness industry has its ups and downs, but it has always been a focus of capital.
Multiple data show that the popularity of cultural and sports consumption, among other areas, is on the rise, and the market is continuing to recover.
Specifically in the fitness market, as the standard of living of residents has been steadily improving, the concept of a healthy lifestyle has become deeply ingrained in people's minds, and the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, some institutions are overly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption, and just as they are coming out of the crisis, they are sounding the call to expand their territory and pour all their financing into new store construction.
It cannot be denied that in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn due to the impact of the pandemic, and the industry has undergone a reshuffle. At this time, powerful enterprises choose to increase their acquisition efforts selectively and reorganize, which is undoubtedly a new opportunity.
However, in order for the fitness market to develop and enter into a virtuous cycle, and to embark on a prosperous path, the industry must change its traditional model and business strategy.
Only by persevering and re-establishing consumer confidence and a sense of security can we truly win the market and win the future.
Compared to the aggressive market capture of Big Go New Store, what the fitness industry currently needs more is to calm down and optimize services, and to stabilize users with high-quality development.
First of all, you need to rely on services to retain users.
Gyms belong to the service industry, and their essence is to adhere to the "user orientation", to focus on user needs and to place the focus of their operations on improving the quality of their services.
Secondly, digital transformation is the key to improving user experience.
For example, the popular Internet gym model at present, which allows users to pay per session and choose their own gym.
At the same time, the effective utilization of body data and movement data can also meet social needs and realize a complete service loop from online to offline.
Without private sales pitches and huge annual fees, users' concerns about gyms "running away" are reduced, and their trust is also increased.
In addition, we must actively explore multiple business models.
Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from a single service to a scenario consumption, and fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption. Surrounding products such as sports supplements and fitness equipment required for exercise may become a new profit point, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianxiao
Buy cheap, return the difference!
"Price Difference Compensation" Reappears in Nanjing Real Estate Market - www.chinanews.com
Report from the Yangtze Evening News (reporter: Ma Zhuopo): In an interview on the 10th, reporters from Yangtze Evening News/Zhi Niu News discovered that the "guaranteed price agreement" that had not been seen for more than a decade had returned to the Nanjing real estate market. A property in the Nanjing New Area claimed "difference compensation", and the discount for other properties was greater than the previous discount before the handover. The developer was willing to switch properties for buyers and refund the difference.
The conditions of the "price protection agreement" are not few.
The building, located in Jiangbei New Area, is called Poli Yanzi Xieyun Tai, and the person looking at the property, Mr. Sun, told the reporter that he found a "statement" during his visit to the property last weekend.
The pictures he sent to reporters showed that the developer of the property promised that if the buyer purchased the property between February 1 and February 28, the developer would exchange the property for another property with a higher discount (limited to other unsold properties of the same floor plan, the same building, the same unit, and the same property type as the property in question) and refund the difference in price from the date of signing the contract of sale and purchase.
Mr. Sun said that the sales consultant said that this was actually a "price protection agreement" aimed at reassuring buyers that they did not have to worry about the developer lowering the price for a promotion. "Now, we are afraid that the price will be lowered after we buy it. We don't have time to go to the sales office to complain, and if we don't complain, we will indeed feel relieved."
There are also many home buyers who believe that the "price guarantee agreement" is not a bad deal, even though it is meant to reassure home buyers.
Ms. Zheng, who intends to buy a first-time home in Jingbei, said that the properties with the guarantee firstly need to be of the same type and in the same building and unit. There are very few properties for buyers to compare, so the “threshold” is quite high.
Some buyers also believe that due to information asymmetry, it is not impossible that additional discounts will be given during the sale, making it difficult for buyers to "stand up for their rights."
Whether or not it will be possible to keep the home buyers is something that remains to be seen.
A reporter searched for the property on the Nanjing online real estate website and found that the project sold 252 units in two buildings in November last year. The unit sizes were 105 square meters, 114 square meters, and 129 square meters, and the fully furnished units were sold at an average price of RMB 39,843 per square meter.
However, more than two months have passed, and according to online real estate, the total number of unsold units in the project is currently 157, accounting for 62.3%, of which 80% are in unit 128, with a total of 113 unsold units, and 44 units in unit 124 are also unsold; the total number of transactions in the project is only 33 units, accounting for only 13%.
Market insiders introduced that "guaranteed agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, Lvtanxiyuan, a building project on Huangshan Road in Hexi, launched a "price guarantee plan" to attract buyers. The specific content of the plan was "the company solemnly promises that if the discount range of the project is expanded within one year, the company will refund the difference to the old owners according to the difference."
After that, in April 2011, nine properties in Nanjing also promised to compensate for the difference in price by offering a portion of their available properties.
"The property market is recovering, and we need a 'stimulant' at this time.
"A 'price guarantee agreement' is also one of the marketing methods of real estate companies," said Mr. Shen, a senior property developer in Nanjing.
He believes that developers are in greater need of confidence than home buyers at present, and that the introduction of the "price guarantee agreement" is actually intended to boost their confidence.
As for whether the buyers will stay, he said that it depends on the impact of multiple factors such as the control policies and loan thresholds, and it is still to be observed at present.
Multiple data declines, Taiwan's economy had a poor start to the year - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Taipei February 11 (Reporters Zhao Bo and Huang Yan) The export trade volume has been "five consecutive months of contraction," the Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) has contracted for seven consecutive months, and the Consumer Price Index (CPI) has seen "three-digit figures"... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have released economic data for January 2023 in succession.
Experts analyzed that Taiwan's economy had a poor start to the year, and the growth pressure was not small.
According to the Taiwan authorities' department in charge of financial affairs, Taiwan's exports amounted to US$31.51 billion in January this year, a year-on-year decrease of 21.2%, marking the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export volume of 11 major export commodities all showed a decline compared to the same period last year.
Rubber and plastic products and optical instruments fell the most, with year-on-year declines of 37.6% and 35.7%, respectively.
Exports of electronic components decreased by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decline in the past 11 years.
Among them, the annual decline in integrated circuits was 18.3%, the largest drop in 14 years.
According to Cai Meina, director of the statistics department, this indicates that the weak demand effect in the consumer electronics industry is spreading, and the electronics industry is entering a period of adjustment.
Statistics show that in January, imports and exports of Taiwan dropped by double digits, with outbound shipments amounting to only US$2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The Taiwan authorities in charge of financial affairs believe that global end-demand has decreased, and the adjustment of industry inventory has suppressed the willingness of manufacturers to purchase raw materials. The export slump is unlikely to improve in the short term. Taiwan's exports in the first quarter of this year are expected to decline more than expected.
According to the Taiwan China Economic Research Institute, the Taiwan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) was 40.4% seasonally adjusted in January this year, a 3.3 percentage point drop from December last year, and a contraction for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring indicator system, the PMI is set at 50% as the demarcation line between prosperity and contraction, and an index greater than 50% represents economic expansion, while a lower index represents contraction.
In January, Taiwan's PMI was composed of five indicators, including new orders, production and labor tightening, supplier delivery time reduction, and inventory tightening.
All six industries saw contraction in the PMI, with the order of contraction speed being the electrical and mechanical equipment industry (35.1%), the electronic and optical industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotech medical industry (39.2%), the basic raw material industry (42.4%), the transportation equipment industry (42.6%), and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the "Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics" of the Taiwan authorities announced that the CPI of Taiwan in January this year was 3.04% year-on-year, which has exceeded 3% since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared by 28.25%, setting a new 17-month high.
Cai Zhihong, a special commissioner of the Taiwan "Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics," admitted that the increase in vegetable prices was indeed beyond expectations. Excluding the effect of the Chinese New Year, the average CPI in January and February of this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year. Inflation pressure still exists and is still at a high level.
Looking ahead to Taiwan's economy this year, experts are pessimistic, based on reports by domestic media outlets such as United Daily News and Yahoo Finance.
According to analysis by Wu Daijiang, a professor of economics at "Central University" in Taiwan, the decline in exports may cause export manufacturers to have problems with cash flow, and the risk of debt default will increase.
At the same time, the reduction in orders leads manufacturers to cut labor costs, which affects the labor market and household economics, and in turn, impacts consumer purchasing power.
According to Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, the inflation situation in Europe and the United States has not improved this year, and demand continues to shrink. It is estimated that the decline in Taiwan's exports will continue into the first half of the year.
Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, and as exports are affected by the slowdown, the economic growth performance for the whole year will be lower than last year.
"An important engine for global recovery" - www.chinanews.com
"In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Chinese economy has demonstrated great resilience.
Recent market expectations indicate that the international community generally has high hopes for China's future development.
"José Luis, a well-known Chinese affairs expert in Spain and honorary advisor of China Policy Watch, said in an interview with our reporter recently that China's epidemic prevention and control has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further unleashed.
Liu said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China has responded calmly with its outstanding economic governance experience and measures, which fully reflects its economic resilience and management level.
While China is firmly committed to expanding its opening-up to the outside world, the internal driving force of economic development is continuously strengthening, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises are developing in tandem.
Every year, the National Two Sessions are held in China, where delegates and committee members jointly discuss the country's development plans and hot topics related to people's livelihoods, and broadly consolidate consensus, unite people's hearts and minds, and pool wisdom, adding strength to China's development.
“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered the stage of high-quality development.
The international community is looking forward to China's wisdom and China's solutions, and is looking forward to China's development bringing new opportunities to the world.
"China is currently making every effort to promote technological innovation and inject new impetus into economic and social development," said Reos. "Investment, talent training, and policy incentives have made China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan."
In the eyes of Liu Xiaobo, economic system reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, China has made use of the advantages of a market economy while also making use of the superiority of its socialist system. It has taken proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Around the strategic base of expanding domestic demand, China will strengthen financial support for the real economy, support the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing, adhere to innovative development, promote employment, increase the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the diverse consumption needs of the people at different levels. By fully, accurately and comprehensively implementing the new development concept, China will strive to promote high-quality development, build a new development pattern, and bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the proposal of the Belt and Road Initiative.
"The stabilization and recovery of the economy after the epidemic is a common goal of the international community.
China's economic development potential will continue to be unleashed, bringing more benefits to countries around the world and becoming an important engine for global recovery.
"Rios said that he looks forward to the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" cooperation continuing to play its important role in improving the infrastructure level of various countries, strengthening interconnection and mutual communication in various fields, and continuing to unleash greater momentum.
(Report from Madrid by this newspaper)
(People's Daily reporter, Yan Xuan)
Report: The number of overseas students returning home to seek employment in 2022 will reach a new high - www.chinanews.com
The top 10 countries of study for recent graduates returning to China to seek employment in 2022 Source: “2022 China’s Returned Students Employment Survey Report”
Message from ECNS Beijing on February 11 (Meng Ru): The "2022 China Returned Students Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") released recently shows that the size of the 2022 graduates who studied abroad increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of returned students seeking employment in China reached a new high, and the demand for overseas talents by Chinese enterprises also showed an upward trend.
The report points out that since 2020, the number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China has increased significantly, and the number of recent graduates returning to China to seek employment has increased.
Compared with 2021, the size of the 2022 graduate students is expected to increase by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of returning students seeking employment has reached a new high.
In terms of the distribution of returning students who went abroad to study by the countries they studied in, the United Kingdom had the highest proportion, accounting for 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), which were ranked in the same order as in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth, the number of new international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore increased significantly in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of recent graduates from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia decreased year-on-year.
Trends in the supply and demand of returnees in the first week after the Chinese New Year in 2023. Source: "2022 Chinese Returnees Employment Survey Report"
The survey shows that 58% of the students who decided to return home believed that "life is more convenient in China," 40% decided to return home because "they are more in line with the cultural environment in China," 32% believed that "there are more employment opportunities in China," and 22% believed that the Chinese economy will recover faster and provide more employment opportunities.
Data shows that domestic enterprises are rapidly increasing their demand for overseas talent, and the demand for returnees is on the rise.
In the first week after the Chinese New Year in 2023, the number of priority positions for returnees and the number of returnees seeking employment in the country both showed an upward trend. On February 3, the number of priority positions for returnees increased by 11% compared to January 28, and the number of returnees seeking employment increased by 27%.
By industry, in 2022, the positions in the education/training industry accounted for 27.8% of the preferred positions for overseas returnees, ranking first; professional services/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
The number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China in recent years. Source: 2022 China Returned Overseas Talents Employment Survey Report
In terms of remuneration, the average recruitment salary for priority positions for returnees has been on the rise for three consecutive years, reaching RMB 14,680 per month in 2022 (RMB is the currency of China, the same below), an increase of RMB 961 from RMB 13,719 in 2021, an increase of 7%.
In terms of regions, the willingness of the returning overseas talent group to develop in new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier and lower cities increased in 2022. The proportion of job applications in 2022 was 31%, 15.7%, and 14.3%, respectively, which were all higher than the proportion of job applications in 2021.
Regarding the benefits of studying abroad, 52.7% of the returnees said that they were basically in line with their expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points from the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said that their performance was higher or much higher than expected, which is also higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(Finished)
Half or even more cost savings?
Hunan Province standardizes and integrates the prices of dental implant medical services - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency reported that dental implants are the ideal choice for many toothless patients, but the price of up to tens of thousands of yuan per tooth has always deterred many patients from getting them.
Since this year, with the accelerated implementation of the procurement of dental implants, various places have also put the reduction of dental implant prices on the agenda.
Starting from February 10, the price control target for a single conventional implant dental service in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the total cost of a single conventional implant procedure shall not exceed 97% of the control target.
Implant dentistry refers to a method of tooth restoration for missing teeth based on the support and fixation of the upper tooth restoration in the lower structure inserted into the bone tissue.
Reporters learned from Zhengzhou University Affiliated Hospital No. 1 that, for example, the price for a single conventional implant, from planting to final repair, is about RMB16,700.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that for someone like me, the cost would be around 8,000 yuan or less than 10,000 yuan, which would be about half the cost.
Based on the existing projects, Henan Province has also integrated 15 medical service price items for oral implantation, such as "implant insertion fee (per tooth)", and formulated a unified price for public medical institutions under the provincial government and medical insurance payment categories, cancelling or adjusting 20 medical service price items, such as dental implant surgery.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Pharmaceutical Price and Tendering Procurement Department of Zhengzhou Municipal Medical Insurance Bureau: The main beneficiaries are the four parties: medical insurance, which will have lower expenses; hospitals will have less pressure, and patients will have more treatments; suppliers will get a market; and patients will benefit the most, as the cost of having a tooth implanted may be reduced by half or even more.
Shenzhen: Building the First and Most Advanced Speed-Ahead City in China and the World - chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, February 11 (wireless) -- According to the WeChat public account "Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology" on February 10, the Shenzhen Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the "Shenzhen City Action Plan for the Construction of Fast Start Cities".
It proposes that by the end of 2023, a super broadband network with high speed, large capacity, and low latency will be built, achieving the network construction goals of "double terabits, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and everything connected", and creating a world-leading ultra-advanced city.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of the 1000 Gbps optical network.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of full-fiber industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The Plan requires a comprehensive improvement in the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Research and development of Shenzhen 5G network service quality standards, and conducting 5G network testing and evaluation to improve the quality of 5G network services.
Support basic telecommunications enterprises to increase their efforts to optimize 5G networks in key regions and locations. Add 10,000 new 5G base stations throughout the year, and achieve an average download speed of 500 Mbps and an upload speed of 100 Mbps in the city as a whole. In key regions, download speeds will reach 1,000 Mbps and upload speeds will reach 200 Mbps, significantly improving network speeds and user experience.
Build a high-quality wireless local area network at the city level.
Establish a standard for wireless local area network (WLAN) services in public places, and promote the upgrade of WLAN in areas with high population density and concentrated information consumption needs in all districts of the city, providing 1,000 Mbps access capabilities.
Based on "Shen i Network," a unified authentication and management platform for public wireless LANs in the city was established. "One-time authentication, seamless roaming, and intelligent switching" were implemented, and the platform supports operating entities to include social-owned APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities in the authentication and management platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of access points upgraded to APs will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical network with full capacity, construct a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and improve Internet application service capabilities.
The Plan clearly states that a collaborative effort will be made to build a connected perception system.
Explore a construction and management model for city sensing terminals based on the "open source HOMOMENU" operating system, reduce the cost of interconnection, accelerate the construction of city-level IoT sensing platforms, and promote interconnection and data exchange between urban IoT platforms, specialized IoT platforms in various fields, and data.
Deepen the application of the Internet of Things and perception in urban management, public welfare services, public security, transportation, and other fields, and expand the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, etc. of urban roads, buildings, public facilities, etc. and the channels of mobile perception and collection.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity, gas, and Internet of Things sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and more than 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The Plan also mentions strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communication applications, laying out the infrastructure for low-altitude networks, and promoting the in-depth coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, it will promote the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, build an industrial innovation development ecosystem, and support the hosting of top-level competitions and events.
(CNC Media)
How can e-commerce in China, with its emerging "new variables," achieve "content is king"?
- China News Service
Xinhua News Agency, February 11, 2019 -- The emergence of "new variables" in China's e-commerce industry has brought about a new trend in how to make "content king" in product promotion.
CNCE Journalist Xia Bin
"We entered the e-commerce market late, but from the very beginning, we realized that content is important if you want to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fangfang, a "post-90s" girl from Guangdong, is now operating a store selling nourishing ingredients on the TikTok e-commerce platform, allowing a brick-and-mortar store with more than 30 years of history to "bloom" online.
By imitating the film style of old Hong Kong movies and pairing it with classic Cantonese songs, opening the Douyin account of Fang Fang, a one-person food blogger, one can see exquisite videos that are refreshing to the eyes and ears.
Recently, at the Douyin e-commerce "Find Peers·Quality Content Sharing Special Session," Fang Fang, as a representative of quality creators, attended the event to share her experiences and insights on her daily creative work.
She said on the spot, "The carefully crafted video has attracted a lot of netizens' attention, and many people are interested in the ingredients in my family's dishes and want to cook them together with me. Sales have suddenly opened up. "
”
Fangfang used soup video to make more people fall in love with "the taste of Laoguang," and a live broadcast sold up to 300,000 pieces of nourishing ingredients, saving the family's store on the verge of bankruptcy.
"No content, no e-commerce." As short video and live broadcast e-commerce continue to develop, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of live broadcasting, live broadcast rooms often used low price discounts to attract users, and price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal big Vs such as Liu Yihong and Dongfang Zhenzhu, as well as many non-mainstream influencers and merchants who have emerged in vertical sub-fields. They have improved their long-term operating efficiency by continuously creating high-quality content that matches their brand image.
According to Gao Yaixian, the head of the operation of the KOLs of the TikTok e-commerce, over the past year, 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through TikTok e-commerce, and their content creation volume increased by 252%, and the total transaction amount has more than doubled.
"Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving author ecosystem with a robust life force.
"Gao Yaixian said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the "Electronic Commerce Industry Content Ecosystem Health Index (ECHI) Report," which analyzed the importance of high-quality content, a "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry, from a data perspective. The report assessed the content ecosystem of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China using an index.
According to the ranking of the health index of the e-commerce industry content ecosystem based on the above report, TikTok e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com ranked in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology in the e-commerce industry is an integrated concept, which integrates e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional content production) and UGC (user-generated content) are the high-quality carriers for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce insertion, the stronger the commercial value, and the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and consumption in the public and private domains that are gradually integrated.
On the spot, Professor Yi Guoming, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and the chairman of the Council of the Specialty Committee of Media Economics and Management of China, gave an analysis and interpretation of the Report.
He said that in terms of content value, the e-commerce industry has now transitioned from "consumer accessibility" to "consumer quality," and high-quality, professional, and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the fundamental and driving force behind the new stage of e-commerce development, and knowledge-based payments, professional knowledge, KOLs (Key Opinion Leaders), and other PGC content have become standard features in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guo Ming put forward two suggestions.
One is to promote the health and quality of the e-commerce content ecosystem from the perspective of improving the content structure, and to establish positive content creation and management standards, so as to achieve a healthy system index and dynamic balance of the e-commerce industry content ecosystem.
Another is from the external ecology, which is to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.
In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more support in terms of data and artificial intelligence to form a prediction of future development stability; in addition, it will provide more standardized and healthy growth space for merchants, achieve value coordination among enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and jointly create a healthy content ecosystem.
"(Completed)
The north exchange margin trading business will be launched next week - www.chinanews.com
According to a report by the Beijing Evening News (reporter: Sun Jie), Beijing Stock Exchange announced yesterday that the securities lending and borrowing business of Beijing Stock Exchange has been approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission and will be officially launched on February 13. At that time, securities companies that have obtained the right to engage in securities lending and borrowing business of Beijing Stock Exchange can accept investors' orders and submit securities lending and borrowing transactions to Beijing Stock Exchange.
The list of the first 56 securities subject to securities lending and financing was determined based on the calculation benchmark date of January 31, 2023.
The exchange said that the list of securities subject to securities lending and the list of securities that can be used to cover margin will be published on the website of the Beijing Exchange through the "Information Disclosure - Securities Lending Information" section, making it easier for investors to inquire.
Margin trading is an important fundamental system in the securities market, and is a relatively mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 of last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on margin financing and securities lending business.
The launch of the North Exchange margin financing and securities lending transaction is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system of the North Exchange, improve the trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The securities lending and borrowing system benefits investors by enriching their trading strategies, meeting their diverse trading needs, promoting the discovery of market prices, and further improving market liquidity.
In the future, the Beijing Stock Exchange will continue to do its part in ensuring the securities lending and borrowing business under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, to enrich the transaction system tools with a focus on investor needs, to improve the relevant supporting mechanisms, and to strive to build a first-class stock exchange that serves innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Forum was held in Beijing, and He Libin attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 11 (Xinhua News Agency) - The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Integrated Forum was held in Beijing on February 11 in a combination of online and offline formats.
He Lifeng, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Liben pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at their meeting in Bangkok, and to strengthen green development cooperation between China and Japan.
China will comprehensively implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and accelerate the green transformation of its development model, deepen environmental pollution prevention and control, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and prudently promote the peak carbon and carbon neutrality, promote decarbonization, pollution reduction, greening, and growth, and promote ecological priority, resource conservation, and green, low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue deepening green and low-carbon industrial cooperation, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and people-to-people exchanges, and to promote green development cooperation between the two countries to reach new heights.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Hiroshige Sekimoto attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce of China and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry. It included a main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, electrification, intelligence, and hydrogen energy, as well as long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from the governments and enterprises of China and Japan exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operations in Turkey, rescuing 4 trapped people - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, February 11 (audio-visual report) -- According to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, on February 10, three operational teams and 45 rescue team members were sent to Turkey to conduct a search and rescue mission, and they rescued one trapped person.
Two search and assessment teams were also sent out to assess and investigate the 15 buildings on Vodabashi Street.
As of now, a total of 4 people have been rescued, 5 people have been found dead, and life signs and risk assessments have been conducted on 25 buildings that have collapsed severely.
The rescue team will adjust the rescue forces scientifically according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue scene, and continue to carry out rescue work in depth.
The rescue team obtained rescue assistance information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and UN rescue organizations, and verified each case through online inquiries, on-site searches, and other methods.
Introduce the current rescue environment and the collapse of buildings to the Hong Kong Rescue Team in China, and jointly carry out search and rescue operations.
At present, it is responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) jointly with the Italian rescue team, and three members are dispatched to work in the 5th regional rescue coordination center, communicating with teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman and other countries to learn about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and rescue teams from various countries.
The rescue team continued to strengthen safety management and team protection, and in accordance with the principle of "unified command, safety first," strengthened safety control at the rescue site, strengthened the requirements for rescue work discipline, and clarified safety precautions.
The shift-on-duty and guard duty system is in continuous operation, and the security management of the camp is strengthened.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide medical examination services for team members every day to strengthen the medical protection of key personnel. At present, all members of the rescue team are in good health, and they are carrying out disinfection in the camp.
After the self-supporting camp was established, the logistics support team set up a total of 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical and sanitation, living quarters, and kennels, to ensure the availability of more than 30 sets of rescue equipment at the scene.
Xinhua News Agency commentator: Promoting the modernization of the Chinese way is a systematic project - four points to deeply understand the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the Seminar on Learning and Implementing the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing February 11th report: Promoting the modernization of the Chinese way is a systematic project - four opinions on deeply understanding the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the Seminar on Studying and Implementing the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Xinhua News Agency commentator
"Advancing modernization in the Chinese way is a systematic project that requires overall planning, systematic design, and overall promotion. It is necessary to handle correctly the relationship between top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, adherence to principles and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and self-strengthening, and opening up to the outside world, which are all major issues.
"At the opening ceremony of the Seminar on Learning and Implementing the Thought of Xi Jinping on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress for newly-elected members of the Central Committee, alternate members of the Central Committee, and leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels, General Secretary Xi Jinping has scientifically grasped the laws of modernization construction, and profoundly and systematically explained a series of major relationships that need to be handled in practice, providing us with a scientific methodology for vigorously promoting the modernization of China.
The promotion of Chinese modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization, and concerns the governance of the Party, the country, the military, domestic affairs, foreign affairs, diplomacy, and national defense in all aspects. It is necessary to make systematic plans and to be bold in innovation and reform, and to continuously achieve overall progress.
Top-level design requires a profound understanding of the trends of world development, an accurate grasp of the common aspirations of the people, and in-depth exploration of the laws of economic and social development, so that the planned and policies to be formulated reflect the times, grasp the laws, and be creative, and are integrated, coherent, and coordinated.
The promotion of Chinese modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are many unknown areas that need to be boldly explored in practice. The cause of development must be driven by reform and innovation, and we must not be too quick to draw swords or wait for hares.
Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.
To promote the modernization of China, we must enhance the forward-looking nature of our strategies, so as to anticipate the future and lead the future with scientific strategic foresight; we must enhance the overall nature of our strategies, with a focus on solving major problems that are critical to the prosperity and survival of the Party and the country; and we must enhance the stability of our strategies, so that once a strategy is formed, it will be adhered to and implemented steadfastly over the long term.
It is necessary to scientifically grasp the dialectical unity of strategy and tactics, organically combine the principled nature of strategy and the flexibility of tactics, and be flexible, adaptable, and able to make quick decisions in a rapidly changing environment, so as to maintain strategic initiative in adapting to local conditions, taking advantage of opportunities, and making decisions based on the situation.
The Chinese nation is a nation that upholds integrity and innovation.
It is necessary to handle the relationship between upholding the correct direction of China's modernization and innovation. We must uphold the essence and source of China's modernization, and unwaveringly adhere to the characteristics, essence, and major principles of China's modernization, so as to ensure the correct direction of China's modernization. At the same time, we must put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, respond to the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively adapt to changes, and strive for reform and innovation, so as to continuously create new impetus and advantages for development, and fully unleash the creativity of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important basis for fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee for efficiency.
As we promote modernization in the Chinese way, we must both create higher efficiency than capitalism and more effectively safeguard social fairness, and better achieve the balance between efficiency and fairness, and promote and unify them.
It is necessary to balance efficiency and fairness, and continuously achieve development for the people, development relying on the people, and development results shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization can benefit the people more fairly and equitably.
To promote modernization in the Chinese way, we need to handle the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both full of vitality and orderly.
We must coordinate the development and security of the country, implement the overall national security concept, establish a national security system, strengthen our ability to safeguard national security, and resolutely safeguard the security of the state's political power, system, ideology, and key areas.
It is necessary to consider security factors more in development, enhance national security through development, use the development achievements to consolidate the foundation of national security, and create a safe environment conducive to economic and social development, so as to continuously stimulate the vitality of development and achieve a good interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
In promoting modernization in the Chinese way, we must both stick to our own path and broaden our horizons, adhere to openness to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of modernization in the Chinese way.
We must adhere to independence and self-reliance, insist on putting the development of the country and the nation above our own strength, and firmly hold the destiny of our country's development and progress in our own hands.
We must continuously expand high-level opening-up to the outside world, participate deeply in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of China's modernization, and share development opportunities and create a better future for mutual benefit and win-win cooperation.
By following the path, we can achieve great things.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, and guided by the scientific outlook on Xi Jinping socialism with Chinese characteristics, grasp the laws, work hard and be diligent, fully exert our positive energy, initiative and creativity, correctly handle a series of major issues, and strive to make progress in the new journey of building a socialist modernized country in an all-round way, and continuously open up new horizons in the modernization of China with Chinese characteristics.
(Deutsche Welle) The Biden administration will blacklist six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the spy balloon program on Friday (February 10).
The U.S. Department of Commerce said that the five Chinese companies and one research institution helped modernize the Chinese military, particularly in aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
Companies on the blacklist have a hard time obtaining U.S. technology exports.
The list is known as the "entity list," and companies on it cannot purchase technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they obtain special export licenses from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The companies listed on the blacklist are: Beijing Nange Aerospace Science and Technology Co., Ltd., 48th Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group Corporation, Longgang Lianjing Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xiaohang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd., and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to this, the White House said it was considering taking broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger-scale surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident caused further tension between China and the United States, and U.S. Secretary of State Brinken canceled his visit to China.
On February 4, the United States shot down a balloon. The Chinese government lodged a strong protest with the U.S. Embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously undermining and damaging the efforts and process of stabilizing Sino-U.S. relations.
Based on the evidence from the existing debris and information from the procurement platform of the Chinese military, the US government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon "has a direct relationship with the Chinese People's Liberation Army" and is an approved supplier of the Chinese military.
Mao Ning, a spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry, said at a press conference on Friday that China has explained the situation and clarified its position on the accidental entry of a Chinese unmanned aerial vehicle into US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the US Congress were purely political manipulation and sensationalism.
China strongly objects to this and firmly opposes it.
"Today's action demonstrates the collective effort we have made to identify and stop China's use of espionage balloons that have violated the airspace of the United States and more than 40 other countries," said Matthew Axelrod, the assistant secretary for export enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce.
”
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said they were not aware of the sanctions and refused to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States and have not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
Copyright © 2023 Deutschlandfunk. All contents are protected by copyright law, and unauthorized use is prohibited unless specifically authorized by Deutschlandfunk.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle) Several days have passed since the earthquake hit parts of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is fading. However, the rescue of a family of five on Saturday brought immense relief to the rescue workers.
According to the Associated Press, in the hard-hit town of Nourdai in Gaziantep province, this family of five was trapped under the rubble for more than five days before being successfully rescued.
Rescue workers first pulled the mother and daughter out from the rubble, and then found the father, but he insisted on being rescued first, along with his son and another daughter.
When they were all rescued, the crowd erupted in cheers.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaraş, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued in the harsh freezing weather conditions.
"What day is it today?"
"—the boy trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the rescuers who brought him back to the ground.
A man from Kahramanmaraş is holding the cat he just rescued
The miraculous success of the rescue operation brought a glimmer of hope to the otherwise bleak search and rescue efforts, but at the same time, the number of fatalities continued to rise.
According to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has caused more than 20,000 deaths in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be more than 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive for more than a week after being trapped in the rubble, the hope of finding more survivors is becoming increasingly bleak.
Rescue workers are still using thermal imaging devices to search for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of the rescue efforts began to shift towards helping the survivors who were in urgent need of assistance.
UN Official: Disaster in the Region "Unprecedented in a Century"
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference held in Turkey that the earthquake was the "worst disaster in the region in a century."
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "extraordinary."
He also told a Reuters reporter that he hoped to provide rescue services to areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but also said that the matter "was not yet clear."
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief contributions to the people of the earthquake-stricken areas in Syria.
The United Nations announced earlier this week that it would allocate $25 million in aid to Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Great Chilean earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 p.m. local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile. The earthquake had a magnitude of 9.5 on the Richter scale.
In just ten minutes, Valdivia turned the entire city into rubble.
A huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the coast of Chile, causing waves as high as 25 meters.
The tsunami affected distant Japan and the Philippines.
The number of fatalities and economic losses caused by disasters of such a scale cannot be accurately determined.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
The Great Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, and it was Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake remained the third largest earthquake in the world on record.
When the earthquake occurred, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate ruptured near Prince William Sound, near the entrance to College Fjord.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted from three to five minutes.
The seafloor displacement triggered a huge tsunami, with a height of 67 meters.
Because it was a holiday, many schools and businesses were closed.
The major earthquake ultimately claimed the lives of 139 people.
Of these, nine died directly from the earthquake, while the other 130 died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Tangshan earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes with a magnitude of 7 or above occurred in Tangshan and Fengnan counties in Hebei Province, China within 16 hours.
The epicenter is 23 kilometers below the surface.
Tangshan City's transportation, communication, water supply, and electricity were all disrupted, and the city was reduced to rubble in an instant.
The capital city of Beijing, located 140 kilometers away, also felt a strong tremor.
According to official statistics, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries in all the affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake is the second deadliest earthquake in China's recorded history, second only to the Jiajing earthquake of 1556.
However, some overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake may have caused at least 650,000 deaths.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers west of the coast of Aceh Province, Sumatra, Indonesia, with a focal depth of 30 kilometers and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a massive tsunami with waves as high as 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, and the areas most severely affected include Aceh Province in Indonesia, the Krabi and Phuket resort areas in Thailand, Sri Lanka, and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
At that time, the Christmas holiday season was in full swing, and the affected areas were crowded with a large number of tourists and local residents, which led to many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and local people working on the seashore being swept away by the tsunami, causing many people to become missing as a result of the earthquake.
It is estimated that the number of fatalities and missing persons is at least 300,000.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake struck the Wenchuan area in Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the surface wave magnitude of the earthquake reached 8.2, and the moment magnitude reached 8.3. The affected area was more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had caused a total of 69,227 deaths, 17,923 missing persons, 374,643 people with injuries of varying degrees, 199,300 people who lost their homes, and a total of 46.256 million people affected by the disaster.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the deadliest earthquake after the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12 of every year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day, with the aim of strengthening education for the public and increasing attention to disaster prevention and mitigation work.
Afterwards, many Chinese governments and primary and secondary schools held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Middle and primary schools have also begun to pay attention to popularizing "earthquake prevention and mitigation" education.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, Haiti, a Caribbean island nation, was hit by an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.0 on the Richter scale.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince, and the hypocenter was about 13 kilometers below the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that the earthquake affected approximately 3 million people.
The Haitian government has confirmed more than 200,000 deaths.
In some areas of Haiti, up to 90% of homes were destroyed in the earthquake.
Although the international community provided a lot of aid and support, this impoverished country, plagued by overpopulation and rampant corruption, never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
The Great East Japan Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large tsunami earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the northeastern coast of Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean to the east of Sendai, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture, and the seismic source depth was measured at 24 kilometers. It also triggered a massive tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first to exceed magnitude 9 in Japan since records began.
Approximately 22,000 people lost their lives in the disaster, and approximately 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered a leakage accident due to the impact of the earthquake and tsunami.
The incident was classified as the most serious level 7 on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to the detection of trace amounts of radioactive substances around the world, including iodine-131 and caesium-137 (half-life of 30 years).
A large number of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in disaster-stricken areas of both Syria and Turkey are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people lost their homes due to the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has called for $77 million in funding to provide food for the victims of the earthquake who have been displaced in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the disaster area is as low as minus 10 degrees Celsius, and many disaster victims have no place to live.
The Turkish government has distributed a large number of hot meals, tents, and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to deliver to many people in urgent need of help.
In Syria, which has been mired in a civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has made the plight of the people even worse.
Within four days of the earthquake, the World Food Programme had provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
Copyright © 2023 Deutschlandfunk. All contents are protected by copyright law, and unauthorized use is prohibited unless specifically authorized by Deutschlandfunk.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Alert: The Police Department Calls on Citizens to Beware of Fraudulent Short Messages from Impersonators of Telecommunications Companies
Recently, the Police Department has received many cases of telecommunications fraud. The fraudsters posed as Hong Kong Telecom and sent the victim a fraudulent text message with a website link. They used the excuse that the points were about to expire and that the prize had to be collected as soon as possible to lure the victim into logging into a fake website to redeem the prize.
The victim followed the instructions to enter the credit card information and verification code, and then received a notification from the financial institution that there were unidentified purchases recorded on the credit card. The victim suspected that the credit card information had been stolen from the website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above short message.
The Police Department urges the public to be vigilant if they receive similar text messages and not to click on the links in the text messages or provide any personal information. If you are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords, or transaction verification codes, you should be doubly cautious to prevent your credit card from being stolen.
Anti-fraud reminder:
1. Pay more attention to cybersecurity news and improve personal prevention awareness;
2. Do not carelessly log in to unknown websites and register personal and credit card information on the websites, to prevent theft of personal information;
3. Beware of fake and phishing websites. Always pay attention to whether the website address is completely consistent with the official website.
4. Install antivirus software on your mobile phone, mobile device or computer and update it regularly;
If you suspect that you have been the victim of fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the Police Fraud Investigation Hotline at 8800 7777 or the Police Reporting Hotline at 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large inspection team from Hong Kong visits Macau tourist attractions and facilities to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand the "joint tour" between Hong Kong and Macau
The Tourism Board organized a large Hong Kong inspection team of more than 100 people composed of representatives from the Hong Kong government's tourism department, the tourism industry and the media to Macau. In addition to work meetings and industry talks, Hong Kong travel agency representatives and media representatives visited several Macau tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in batches over two days (10th and 11th) to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market and promote cultural and tourism integration between the two places, thereby expanding the "joint tourism" market of Hong Kong and Macau.
Visiting to introduce new ways of playing in Macau tourism
The Hong Kong delegation of 100 people for this study tour included leaders and managers from the relevant tourism departments of the Hong Kong government, representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators from Hong Kong and Macau, as well as about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, representatives from tourism social media, online media, and bloggers/influencers, who came to Macau to exchange and study the latest tourism resources in Macau. The Hong Kong industry and media will introduce the new ways of tourism in Macau to Hong Kong residents and tourists visiting Hong Kong, and expand the "joint tourism" market between Hong Kong and Macau by taking advantage of the transportation hub in Hong Kong.
Two days of intensive activities to seek business opportunities and increase publicity
The inspection team visited the World Heritage Site "Historic Centre of Macau," the Macau Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel: A Journey Through Three Bays" - an immersive digital experience exhibition of the Largo do Senado, Ao Pé da Terra, Ao Má, and the old town of Taipa, as well as several large resort hotels and facilities, including the Grand Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, the Venetian, the Sands, the Morpheus, the Londoner, the Galaxy, the Artelli multi-dimensional art space of New Galaxy, and the teamLab supernatural space of the Venetian Macao.
The members of the inspection team visited Macau's tourism facilities and experienced the "tourism +" elements of Macau firsthand, sharing Macau's tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrating the promotion and sale of the latest Macau tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attract Hong Kong tourists to expand the "joint tour" of Hong Kong and Macau
Taking advantage of the opportunity for customs clearance to return to normal, the Tourism Board launched a promotional campaign and introduced various promotions in the Hong Kong market. These included the launch of a promotion for round-trip transportation tickets between Hong Kong and Macau, as well as the launch of a new promotional video on online and offline platforms.
After inviting leaders of the Hong Kong tourism industry to Macau for an exchange visit and a firsthand experience of Macau's "tourism +" last month, Macau has organized representatives of the Hong Kong tourism industry and media to visit Macau again this time, in order to increase marketing efforts and attract Hong Kong tourists to Macau for accommodation and consumption. The two industries have also held talks to jointly expand the "joint tour of Hong Kong and Macau" market, and to develop the markets in Mainland China and overseas, in order to promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both places.
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team in Africa, to use their compassion and medical skills to benefit the local people, and to tell the story of China with their actions. - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng.cn
Xi Jinping sent a letter of encouragement to the members of the Chinese medical team in Africa, urging them to use their compassion and medical skills to benefit the local people and to tell the story of China through their actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xifeng] Font size:【Large Small】
Xinhua News Agency Beijing February 10 (Reporter Liu Ying) On February 9, Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the People's Republic of China, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, sent a letter to the members of the 19th Chinese medical team aiding the Central African Republic, sending his greetings to them and all the foreign medical aid teams, and expressing his sincere wishes.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you have overcome difficulties in work and life in China-Africa, and have served the local people with heart, being both angels in white who save lives and heal wounds, and friendly ambassadors who spread love.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of Chinese medical teams abroad. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to those who are currently and have previously carried out medical assistance abroad.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign medical aid is a vivid demonstration of this.
I hope that you will not forget your original aspiration and mission, and that you will vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team, which is not afraid of hardship, is willing to make sacrifices, saves lives and heals injuries, and is boundless in its love, so as to bring benefits to the local people with your kindness and medical skills, tell the Chinese story with your actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community with a shared future for mankind's health.
Medical assistance abroad is an important component of China's foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent the first medical aid team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, China has sent 30,000 medical teams to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Oceania, providing medical treatment to 290 million people, and has won widespread praise from the international community.
Currently, the medical team is working in 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of the Chinese medical team to Central African Republic wrote a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on their learning and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, providing medical services to local residents, and expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a community with a shared future for human health.
The seminar on studying and implementing the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress for new members, alternate members and leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels of the Central Committee was concluded - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng.cn
The Seminar for New Members, Alternate Members and Provincial and Departmental Leading Officials of the Central Committee on Studying and Implementing the Thought of Xi Jinping on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress concluded
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xifeng] Font size:【Large 中 小】
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 10 (electronic version) - The Seminar for New Members, Alternate Members and Provincial and Departmental Leading Cadres on Learning and Implementing the Thought of Xi Jinping on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress was concluded on the afternoon of the 10th at the Central Party School (National Academy of Development and Strategy). Zhao Xiaochu, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary-General of the CPC Central Committee, attended the graduation ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that we should learn and implement in depth the important spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, and be more firmly committed to the "two-establishments" and the "two-observes", strengthen our capabilities, work hard and solidly push forward all the work of Chinese-style modernization, and create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice and the people in the process of building a socialist modernized country in all respects and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all the participants were guided by the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and carefully studied the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar. They conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges, deepening their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, and strengthening their confidence and determination to comprehensively promote Chinese-style modernization under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, and to ensure a good start for the new era and a new journey. They also enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission to fulfill their duties and work well.
At the graduation ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar delivered speeches to report and share their learning achievements.
Cai Qi said that learning and implementing the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress is both a top political task for the present and the future, and a long-term strategic task. We must follow the requirements of "comprehensive learning, comprehensive understanding, and comprehensive implementation" to promote the learning and implementation work to go deeper, go further, and go to the heart.
We must have a deeper understanding of the decisive significance of the "two establishments," resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the authority and centralized leadership of the Party Central Committee, continuously improve our political judgment, political understanding and political execution, and always maintain high consistency with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core in terms of ideology, politics and actions.
We must strive to master the skills of applying Marxist theory, consciously use the Party's innovative theories to arm our minds, guide our practice, and promote our work, and work hard to deepen our understanding, comprehend the details, and practice them in earnest, so as to truly learn to have firm beliefs, learn to be absolutely loyal, and learn to fulfill our duties.
We must carry out the decisions and arrangements of the 20th CPC National Congress in a spirit of hard work and dedication, solidly promote the modernization of the Chinese style, roll up our sleeves, work hard, act as the "foreman" and do our best, and turn the blueprint into reality step by step.
We must bear in mind that comprehensive strict Party discipline is a never-ending task and that the self-revolution of the Party is a never-ending task, and we must tighten and consolidate the political responsibility of comprehensive strict Party discipline, and take the lead in political construction of the Party, and deepen the new great project of Party building in the new era.
We must strengthen our abilities to promote high-quality development, serve the people, and prevent and resolve risks, and vigorously promote the spirit of investigation and research, resolutely preventing and overcoming formalism and bureaucratism.
Xie Tao Feng, Li Ganjie, Li Shuaile, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinkun, Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the ceremony.
Google AI chat robot "gave wrong answers" and its parent company's stock price evaporated by hundreds of billions of dollars.
(Combined report on the 11th)
Google's newly launched artificial intelligence chatbot Bard suffered a setback when it "gave the wrong answer" in a promotional video, causing Alphabet, Google's parent company, to plunge 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark and wiping out $110 billion (about RM47.65 billion) in market value. As of Friday, the closing price was $94.57.
The market is concerned that Alphabet is falling behind its competitor Microsoft.
According to a report by Reuters, Google released an advertising short film about its AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier. In the film, someone asked Bard, "Can you tell me what are the new discoveries about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) that I can tell my 9-year-old child? "
"Bard mentioned in his response that the telescope had taken the first photo of an exoplanet outside the solar system.
However, according to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States, the first photograph of an exoplanet was taken by the Very Large Telescope of the European Southern Observatory in 2004.
Reuters even reported under the title "Alphabet shares plunge after Bard's wrong answer."
On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response "emphasizes the importance of a rigorous testing process," and will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets high standards based on quality, safety, and authenticity."
Singapore's tourism industry is recovering strongly, with inbound tourists increasing 19 times compared to 2021
(Combined report on November 11) Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore is expected to reach 12 million to 14 million in 2023, bringing tourism revenue of about 18 billion to 21 billion New Zealand dollars; the number of tourists and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019; and there is a high possibility that the tourism industry will achieve full recovery in 2024.
The Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover in 2022.
The latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board show that the number of inbound tourists increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million in 2022, exceeding the earlier estimate of 4 to 6 million by the Tourism Board. Visitors have already recovered to 33% of the pre-pandemic level.
From January to September 2022, tourism revenue in Singapore totaled 8.96 billion New Zealand dollars. It is expected that tourism revenue in 2022 will reach 13.8 billion to 14.3 billion New Zealand dollars, a 6- to 7-fold increase compared to 1.89 billion New Zealand dollars in 2021, and has already recovered to about 50% to 52% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019.
The Singaporean government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced a grant of nearly NZ$500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Board recently announced that it plans to allocate NZ$110 million from this budget over the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists to return.
In order to make health and wellness one of the highlights of Singapore's tourism, the Singapore Tourism Board launched an expression of interest tender on November 23, 2022, for the development of a health and wellness destination on the southern coast of Singapore.
Wang Lingli, executive director of sports and wellness tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have placed their physical health at the top of their list of considerations.
Developing a health and wellness attraction in the southern waterfront area, which includes the Marina Bay Gardens and the Marina Bay Promenade, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, allowing visitors to spend more time and money in Singapore.
According to Chen Beijun, Director of the Singapore Tourism Board, health and wellness will become an important component of Singapore's tourism products in the coming years.
The COVID-19 pandemic has increased public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
For this reason, the Tourism Board has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists over the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health and Wellness Festival, offering the public more than 130 types of health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide new travel experiences for tourists.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, the Avatar World in Sentosa Harbourfront, the new "Explore New Horizons" exhibition at the Art Science Museum, and the outdoor theater newly built in the Night Safari, the Tourism Board will support the development and upgrading of projects such as the Flying Penguins Park in the Wildlife World, making Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will establish relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive travel industry by 2023, and focus on improving the problems of waste treatment and carbon emissions, and further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
According to data, as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with more than 150,000 passengers served per day, about 1 million per week, which is equivalent to about 75% of the pre-pandemic level. The number of airline employees on duty has also recovered to about 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
Data shows that from January to October 2022, Singapore received 23.6 million visitors, which is equivalent to 42% of the pre-pandemic period, and 170,000 flights took off and landed, which is 53% of the pre-pandemic period.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also driven the recovery of the accommodation, transportation, catering, and shopping industries.
The Singapore government and tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
According to Khor Suk Dan, Assistant Director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, a survey conducted by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore's safety index ranked among the top three in the world, which is also one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular among Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, about 3.6 million Chinese people traveled to Singapore for vacation each year.
As China relaxes its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to between a third and two-thirds of the 2019 level this year.
Kok Suet-Dan pointed out that in the future, the Tourism Board will closely monitor the signals released by China regarding its policies on outbound travel, in order to respond to changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in outbound travel from China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the tourism industry will recover faster than expected, as long as the global economy does not experience a significant recession that affects public income, and as long as there are no new large-scale fatal epidemics.
Kim Jong-un and his daughter interacted closely, while his wife was ignored
(Combined with reports on the 11th) North Korea held a military parade to celebrate the 75th anniversary of its founding on the evening of the 8th. Not only did Kim Jong-un’s daughter Kim Ju-ae attend the ceremony, but she also stood on the podium with her father.
The North Korean official media released a video on the 9th, showing Kim Jong-un hugging his father, exchanging affectionate glances and whispers several times, and she gently holding her father's face with both hands, even touching her father's chest. The interaction between the father and daughter was broadcasted to the whole country.
However, First Lady Li She Zu could only stand aside.
According to reports by Korean media such as "Chosun News," in the official photo of Kim Jong-un and his wife Ri Sol-ju attending the banquet with their daughter Kim Ju-ae, not only was Ju-ae sitting in the center position, which is rare, but the next evening, on the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army, she also stood on the podium with Kim Jong-un.
The North Korean state media, "Korean Central Television," released a parade video afterwards, exposing more scenes of deep father-daughter love.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times from the podium, and their smiles never faded. They even whispered to each other in their ears. Kim Jong-un's daughter hugged her father's cheeks with both hands for a moment, and Kim Jong-un responded with a bright smile.
Other official media images also show that the mistress, Ri Sol-ju, was seen touching Kim Jong-un's face repeatedly while sitting on an indoor sofa; and she was seen touching Kim Jong-un's chest while walking with her father holding hands.
First Lady Liu Xiaohu was only able to walk behind or sit to the side, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
According to South Korean media, Kim Jong-un has been appearing in public more frequently in the past three months since the November 18, 2017, test launch of the Hwasong-17 missile. This is the fifth time he has been seen in an official capacity.
The North Korean official media referred to Kim Jong-un as the "beloved son" and "honorable son" with the highest titles, and also broadcasted footage of Kim Jong-un repeatedly shouting his pledge to die defending the bloodline of the Kim family while overlooking the parade from the stands.
These signs have led to speculation that Kim Jong-un has been predetermined as the heir to the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that "this is Kim Jong-un's signal to push his teenage daughter to the position of successor," but some also believe that such a judgment is premature, and that there are still various possibilities in the case of Kim Jong-un having a son.
Changyang Q&A | How to view the unexpectedly high January US non-farm employment data and future trends - Economic Observation Network - A professional financial news website
Q: How does Reignwood Investment view the January U.S. non-farm employment data, which was much better than expected, and the future trend?
A: On February 3, the US Department of Labor released the January 2023 non-farm employment data. The number of new non-farm jobs was 51.70,000, which was significantly higher than the market expectation of 18.90,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest in nearly 50 years; the hourly wage growth rate was 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, which slowed down slightly.
In terms of the total amount, there are many one-time and technical factors that disturbed the data this time, such as the return to work of striking teachers, the revision of the survey statistical scope, and the update of the seasonal factor. Subsequently, there may be some revisions (refer to the new non-farm payrolls added in January 2022, which were revised down from 504,000 to 364,000); non-farm employment may not be as strong as the data shows.
In terms of structure, the impact of layoffs on high-tech enterprises is still there, but the proportion is relatively low; the newly added employment in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and health care has rebounded significantly, and the data shows that the labor shortage in the service industry still exists.
In conjunction with the equally strong service sector PMI, the rebound in job vacancies and labor shortages, and strong consumer credit data, we believe that the US service sector has experienced rapid recovery after the extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the supply-demand tension in the US employment market cannot be improved without a recession.
Currently, the US labor market still has a supply gap of more than 5 million, and the labor participation rate is slow to rise, especially the labor participation rate of 25-54 year olds has already approached the pre-pandemic high point.
In addition, the strong consumption demand from the excess savings and consumer credit of American residents will further delay the impact of contraction policies on the employment market.
The continued tight supply and demand in the US job market will be the backdrop of the US economy in 2023.
Combined with the fact that interest rates are nearing the end of their cycle and inflation expectations are fluctuating, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Prior to this data release, the US stock, bond and foreign exchange markets had been overly optimistic about the Fed's path for interest rate hikes.
As inflation data continued to improve, the Fed maintained a delicate balance between shortening the pace of interest rate hikes and sustaining market inflation expectations. However, the market ignored the Fed's hawkish tone and expected not only an earlier end to interest rate hikes but also two rate cuts by the end of the year.
In the face of tight labor market supply and demand and the unclear impact of contractionary policies, we believe that the Fed's guidance on interest rate hikes at the end of the year is relatively reasonable. The adjustment of extreme market expectations and the congestion of trading may cause some harm to the market.
Despite this, the stubbornness of wage growth is hard to change in the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. With M2 data turning negative year-on-year and various leading indicators of CPI sub-items gradually improving, US CPI data has been turning to a period of rapid decline since October. The stubbornness of wage growth will only cushion future inflation data, and current market expectations are difficult to refute. The market may enter a new round of competition after the next inflation data is released.
Shengsheng's founder, Zheng Yonggang, passed away due to sudden heart disease. He led China's first listed apparel company to transform - Economic Observer, a professional financial news website
On February 11, the WeChat public account of Xingxin Securities Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Xingxin Securities") issued an announcement. Xingxin Enterprise's founder and chairman of the board of directors of Xingxin Holdings Co., Ltd. Zheng Yongqiang died of sudden heart disease on February 10, 2023, and was 65 years old.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of a state-owned cotton spinning mill. After being transferred, in 1989, Zheng Yonggang became the director of Ningbo Yun港 Garment General Factory, which was the predecessor of Xinjiang Sunner Bois.
In December 2022, at the 20th China Enterprise Leaders Annual Meeting and the 22nd China Enterprise Future Stars Annual Meeting, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the market share of the Suning brand had reached as high as 37%.
Suning Holdings Group (600884.SH) went public in 1996, becoming the first listed company in China's clothing industry.
Just as the garment business was booming, Suning Group began to transform, because Zhang Yonggang realized that "once the market is opened up, Chinese brands will naturally form a tiered brand market, and Suning Suit will not be able to remain the sole leader for a long time and is unlikely to become the national suit for a long time."
In 1999, Suning began to research enterprise transformation. Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, "When we came to Shanghai, we were looking for what to transform into, so we specially invited a lot of experts and scholars, and held a series of Zhuge Liang meetings and Taoyuan seminars.
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is big health with a future. "
After determining the strategic direction, Shenshang began to look for cooperation. At that time, the carbon research institute of Anshan Thermal Power Institute was doing the National 863 Project for Ansteel, and the research funds were insufficient, so Shenshang and the carbon research institute of Anshan Thermal Power Institute signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the National 863 Project "Intermediate Carbon Microspheres", engage in the research and development, production and sales of negative materials, and promote the commercialization of negative materials in China.
In 2001, Shenshan achieved the mass production of intermediary graphite spherical particles, and began to replace imports with domestic production, becoming the main supplier of intermediary graphite spherical particles in China.
It is the first lithium-ion battery negative material production enterprise in China, and has achieved the domestic production of lithium-ion battery negative materials.
As the application of lithium batteries rapidly spread, SUNPLAST's lithium battery business began to develop gradually. In 2007, the lithium battery material business was written into the main business of SUNPLAST, and the proportion of revenue from the clothing business decreased year by year, until in 2013, the revenue from SUNPLAST's lithium battery material business completely surpassed that of the clothing business.
In February 2021, Shensheng Holdings successfully acquired the LG Chem polarizing film business and entered the LCD polarizing film market, and established a polarizing film company, Shengjing Optoelectronics. The technology content in this field is relatively high, and Shensheng's main competitors are all Fortune Global 500 companies, such as Samsung in South Korea, Sumitomo Chemical in Japan, and JDI.
Zheng Yonggang once shared his experience in post-investment management. "Chinese private enterprises acquire some high-tech companies internationally, but the success rate is relatively low. Why do these acquisitions fail?
Everyone will consider, I spent so much money, I must send people to manage it, this is a common behavior, ” however, Zheng Yonggang is different, on the day of the successful acquisition of Sunshine, Zheng Yonggang announced in front of Sunshine Semiconductor that Sunshine, as a major shareholder of Sunshine Semiconductor, decided to implement a dual-system management, except that Zheng Yonggang served as the chairman, people from Sunshine Enterprise would not be sent to Sunshine Semiconductor, and the mode of operation would be authorized operation, and the existing distribution system, corporate culture, various management modes, etc. would remain unchanged.
ICC Xintong News released the negative data for 2022, showing that the negative of Sunsia exceeded 200,000 tons in 2022, with a year-on-year increase of 100%, accounting for 16% of the market share, and the negative material of artificial graphite ranked first in terms of shipments.
In terms of polarizing film business, Yano Research statistics show that the market share of Sunkyung Electronics, a subsidiary of the company, reached 29% in the global market in 2022, and it is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the global market.
In the first three quarters of 2022, SunSun Pharmaceutical's revenue was RMB 15.841 billion, and its net profit was RMB 2.313 billion. On February 10, SunSun Pharmaceutical's stock price was RMB 19.24 per share, and its total market value was RMB 43.6 billion.
On February 9, Sunsun Holdings said on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's graphitized effective capacity will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitized capacity of the Meishan project is still in the process of increasing.
Wand said that at present, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshui.
Tianyancha shows that Zeng Yonggang holds a total shareholding proportion of 40.1% in Shanshui Cultivation Holdings Limited.
The general manager of Sunsun is Li Zhixia, born in 1968, and has served as the chairman of Dongguan Sunsun Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Sunsun New Materials Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Sunsun Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and deputy general manager of Ningbo Sunsun Co., Ltd.
Sunsun Holdings stated on the investor interaction platform on February 10 that there is no family relationship between senior management of the company and the actual controllers of the company.
"Fund E account" has arrived: the CSRC authorizes the development of the consolidation and inquiry of all funds held by investors - Economic Observer - a professional financial news website
Reporter Chen Mei of Economic Observer
Always forgetting the "petty cash"?
The problems of the Kims will soon be solved.
On February 10, the CSRC announced that the "Fund E Account" app was available for download from various mobile app stores and was undergoing open testing.
"Fund E Account" provides a "one-stop" query service for public fund accounts and share information for individual investors, aiming to solve the pain points of the industry, such as forgetting accounts and complicated queries for small and medium-sized investors.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were a total of 156 public fund management companies in the country, managing fund assets of about 26 trillion yuan; there were 167 public fund share registration institutions and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The account systems of each share registration institution are independent of each other, and there is no unified query channel for the industry.
According to industry insiders, at the end of 2021, China's fund investors exceeded 720 million, which means that half of the country's population invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to inquire about their purchases through different sales institutions. With the "fund E account," they can inquire about all purchases made through all sales channels, and the holdings of the fund are clear at a glance.
What is the "Fund E Account" app?
According to the relevant documents, the "Fund E Account" app is a mobile application developed and constructed by China Securities for the public fund industry, which has been approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with one-stop inquiry of off-exchange shareholding of all public fund products in the market.
Investors can conveniently and quickly grasp their holdings of off-exchange shares of publicly offered fund products under various fund managers they have purchased through various sales channels across the entire market through "Fund E Account", which can greatly improve the efficiency of inquiries.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through "Fund E Account" includes: fund account information opened at all public fund managers, transaction account information opened at public fund sales institutions, and off-exchange shareholdings of products such as publicly offered securities investment funds and asset management plans established by securities companies, which do not have a limit of 200 investors.
Liu Yicheng, the person in charge of business at Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told the reporter from Economic Observer that investors can use the "Fund E Account" app to obtain information on all of their offshore publicly offered funds at one stop, helping them to find "forgotten assets," and more importantly, it helps customers to collect comprehensive account information on their fund investments, allowing customers to grasp their investment information more timely, accurately, and completely, and thus better optimize their fund portfolio and better plan their financial arrangements.
How do I register and use it?
The reporter noticed that the "Fund E Account" app has been uploaded to the app stores of Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and vivo, but the app is still in the public trial operation stage. To register, you need to fill in an invitation code, which can be obtained by contacting the fund management company that manages the fund you hold.
A customer service staff member from a large public fund in Shanghai provided an invitation code with six digits to the reporter of Economic Observer and told the reporter, "During the trial run of the APP, China Clearing provided a certain number of invitation codes to each fund manager, which investors can obtain by calling us, and we will provide them.
After the trial run is over, users will no longer need an invitation code to register.
”
The reporter registered an account and completed a search by downloading and using the relevant documents under the "Fund E Account" disclosed on the official website of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. The whole process only took a few minutes and mainly consisted of four steps: user registration, real name authentication, bonding of fund accounts, and publicly offered fund search.
After the real name authentication, click the "Assets" fund binding button. All the fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms are displayed in the binding option list (bindable account), and after binding, you can see the total assets of the funds you have invested in directly and start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the "Fund E account" only provides query services for investors and cannot be used for redemption and trading.
The data displayed in the "Fund E account" is generally the date of the user's query (T day) plus three trading days in the past.
For example, on February 10, when you opened the "Fund E account," the total assets, fund shares, and net asset value displayed on the asset page were for the three trading days prior to that date, i.e., February 7.
Copyright Notice: The above content is an original work of the Economic Observer, and the copyright belongs to the Economic Observer.
Without the authorization of the Economic Observer, any reproduction or mirroring is strictly prohibited, and the relevant parties will be held legally responsible in accordance with the law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
The United States, Japan, and the Philippines have reached a consensus on defense against the CCP
Asia - On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan to meet with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Both sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's infringement on the South China Sea and East China Sea. The leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement after the meeting, stating that they would sign a trilateral defense agreement with the United States to conduct substantive defense exchanges and oppose the CCP's hegemonic policies.
According to Japanese media reports, Kishida wants to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to address the crisis in the Taiwan Strait.
Xiaomakos visited China in early January this year and signed a US$20 billion agreement.
However, after that, Sino-Philippine relations not only did not improve, but rather deteriorated.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to the US military in order to ensure security in the South China Sea.
The new base, located 300 kilometers from Taiwan, is also the closest location to China.
If a crisis were to occur in Taiwan, the US military might launch an operation from its base in the Philippines.
Japanese media believes that now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia, and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States, and have constructed a "counter-China arc" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
When Kuomintang Vice Chairman Shih Ji-lien visited China, he conveyed the message from Song Tao that the Green Party is welcome to visit Taiwan under the 92 Consensus.
This time, the Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang of China, Shih Jiaying, visited China and met with both the Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, Song Tao, and the member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Wang Huning.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor to the Kuomintang's official institution, the Guoguang Foundation, was interviewed by the Taiwanese Central News Agency yesterday evening. He gave a positive evaluation of Song Tao's statement to Xi Lianyin, saying that as long as they recognize the "92 Consensus" and are against Taiwan independence, China welcomes Green Party members to visit the mainland.
The KMT side evaluated it as a new thing.
Xia Lijian's meeting with Song Tao earlier in the day was not mentioned in the news report that day.
The governing Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan has been clarifying its rejection of the "92 Consensus" for days.
According to Central News Agency today, the delegation led by Kuomintang Vice Chairman Shi Lizhi visited China, and during their stay in Beijing, they met with Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, and the new Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, Song Tao, as well as with Beijing's Secretary-General, Yin Li.
When Shi Liliang and Song Tao met, they discussed the political foundation of the Guomindang and the Kuomintang, which is the "92 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor of the Nationalist Party's National Government Fund, said in the meeting that the "92 Consensus" of the Nationalist Party is the original "92 Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this was different from the previous meetings he had participated in.
In recent video conferences with scholars on the mainland, as well as in this one, I have not heard any scholars on Taiwan talk about the use of force or the "anti-secession law"; instead, they have talked about the resumption of exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the situation on both sides of the Taiwan Strait was tense and dangerous, and the mainland of China hoped to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the CCP and the DPP, the latter still wants to do a good job of working with Taiwanese, and the representative does not want to ruin cross-strait relations.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also gave instructions to Song Tao in person, saying, "You must implement the demands made by them [Taiwanese farmers and fishermen]", and if it is not possible to solve the problem comprehensively, then it must be handled on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the KMT members mentioned the issue of Chinese military aircraft and naval vessels harassing Taiwan on a daily basis during their visit to the mainland, the agricultural and fishery problems in some counties and cities in Taiwan, or whether the reporters from Central News Agency asked such questions during their interviews.
The AFL-CIO is again mobilizing a major march against the government's retirement reform plan.
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions launched a nationwide mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on the public to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of action in the social backlash against the government's draft pension reform.
The number of people who respond to the call for the rally may affect the next course of action for the labor groups.
This is the fourth time in a month that the eight major French trade unions have jointly launched a nationwide mobilization, and it is the first time that the protests have been scheduled for a Saturday.
As Saturday is a day off for most French people, they do not need to choose between participating in a demonstration and a wage strike, and the trade union groups therefore hope that today's gathering will attract more people to participate.
The unions of the public transportation system, subway, and public railway companies did not call for a strike today, and the public transportation system should be able to operate normally. Citizens can take the bus to the rally site, and people in areas where schools start winter vacation can also travel normally.
The trade union groups hope that more than a million people will participate in the rally today, while the police expect a national participation of between 600,000 and 800,000, with 90,000 to 120,000 people gathering in the Paris city center.
Since the beginning of the protests against the government's pension reform plan, although polls show that the majority of French people do not support the measure to delay the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people who actually took to the streets to participate in the protests has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 brought together 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of protesters on Tuesday (February 7) has dwindled to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
This pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition parties, especially those led by the radical left, submitted numerous amendment proposals, which slowed down the deliberation process.
The debates between the two sides have also become increasingly intense and acrimonious.
A member of the radical left-wing party France Insoumise recently posted a picture of himself on social media standing on a balloon with the image of the Minister of Labor, sparking protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly ultimately announced a 15-day ban on the member's parliamentary activities as punishment for the behavior.
Although this reform plan has triggered the largest social movement in France in the past 20 years, so far the government has made only minor adjustments to the draft and has not made any major concessions.
The trade union has already prepared to launch another action on Thursday next week, March 16th. On March 7th, when the reform draft was sent to the Senate for discussion, the trade union also plans to organize a demonstration.
China encourages higher birth rates by donating sperm to universities, with high quality standards
The sperm bank in Yunnan Province, China, issued an announcement on the 9th to solicit donations from those with a college degree or higher or students who want to donate sperm. Successful donors will receive a subsidy of RMB 4,500 for 8 to 12 donations.
According to Taiwanese media reports today, the message became a trending topic on Weibo on the same day, and prompted many provinces and cities, including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong, and Beijing, to follow suit.
According to a report by the Liberty Times, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
Universities and colleges across the country have different donor requirements. The donor requirements for donating sperm in Beijing are the most stringent. In addition to academic qualifications, donors must be at least 170 cm tall, have a good appearance, no obvious hair loss, and no more than 600 degrees of myopia.
According to the report, the sperm bank in Yunnan Province stated that the sperm donors could receive a full male reproductive health check-up worth 1,000 yuan. "Semen and chromosome tests are particularly important, as most people have never had them done before, and they are crucial for understanding one's reproductive status."
The donor requirements include a height of 165 cm or above, a college degree or higher, no color blindness or weakness, and no genetic diseases or infectious diseases such as hepatitis B.
According to a report citing news from China's Tianmu, the advertisement of the human sperm bank in Shaanxi Province carries a poster that reads "paid sperm donation is a great honor," calling on young people to donate sperm and encouraging netizens to forward the message, "to spread love."
The price in Shaanxi is higher than that in Yunnan. Eligible individuals can receive RMB 300 in cash each time, and those who donate sperm a certain number of times can receive a subsidy of RMB 5,000.
Currently, the highest known price is in Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
The last communist prime minister of East Germany has passed away.
The successors of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that "last night Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
Therefore, our party has lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the Berlin Wall, which had separated East Berlin from West Berlin for 28 years, was opened, Modrow said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.
At the time, the communist leaders were forced to step down due to protests by demonstrators across East Germany demanding democracy and freedom.
After coming to power in the Soviet Union, Gorbachev (Mikhail Gorbachev) demanded changes in Eastern Europe, which was also dominated by the Soviet Union.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free election in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results led to him no longer serving as prime minister.
Although Modrow implemented reforms, his opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and reunification that occurred in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for attempting to reform rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Mordell was found guilty of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but did not go to prison.
Some have claimed that these accusations are politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament, and from 1999 to 2004, he served as a member of the European Parliament.
Moderato sees himself as a reformer and hopes to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the former East Germany to be reintegrated, but said that the achievements of East Germany should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica in Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a sergeant in the youth fire brigade and, as the conflict drew to a close, became a member of the Nazi militia organization, the Volkssturm, which conscripted men aged 16 to 60 to fight in the final battles.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by the Soviet army and taken as a prisoner of war to the Soviet Union, where he took part in anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year that East Germany was established, he returned to his home country and found a job as a mechanic. He continued his studies in social sciences and economics and earned a doctorate.
Modrow was a member of the Free German Youth movement, which almost all East German young people joined, and rose to become the chairman of the Dresden district party through the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) between 1973 and 1989.
He also served in the parliament of East Germany for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state office.
Iran marks revolution anniversary, hackers who support protests shocked by president's TV speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official gathering on Saturday to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted a televised speech by President Ebrahim Raisi.
The president's live televised speech was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute, and a group of anti-Iranian government hackers, whose name is "Edalat Ali (Ali's Justice)", appeared on the screen.
There was also a voice shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic."
According to a report by Reuters today, Iran's National TV coverage was interrupted by hackers on the anniversary of the Revolution.
Iran's hardline government in the city of Lashkar Gah is facing its boldest challenge yet from young protesters demanding that they step down to mark the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, but Lashkar Gah still calls on "young people who have been deceived" to repent so that they can receive pardon from Iran's supreme leader.
Protests across the country continue in Iran following the death of 22-year-old Amineh Mahsa Amini in custody of the country's morality police in September.
Iran's security forces have responded to protests with deadly force, one of the most significant challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since the 1979 revolution overthrew 2,500 years of monarchy.
As part of the anniversary of the revolutionary amnesty, Iranian authorities released on Friday the imprisoned dissident Farhad Meysami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelkhah, who had been on hunger strike in protest.
Earlier, the supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty decree that includes some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
According to the human rights organization HRANA, as of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors.
Another 70 government security personnel were reportedly killed.
It is believed that as many as 19,763 protesters were arrested.
Iranian leaders and state media have been calling for people to vote in Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government for weeks.
On the night of Friday, the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, official media showed fireworks as part of the government-sponsored celebrations, and people shouted "Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!)” he said.
However, many people at the rally were also heard shouting "Down with the dictator!"
" and the "Death of the Islamic Republic" in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, the government television station broadcast live footage of official rallies in all the states of the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, domestically produced anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers, and other military equipment were showcased.
President Leshy's speeches were often interrupted by the "USA, go to hell" chant - a signature chant at rallies in the state.
The crowd also shouted "Death to Israel."
Reuters said that Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, which is a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on charges of national security.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she returned to prison.
Adelkhah denied the allegations.
Meszaros was released a week ago after his supporters warned that he was at risk of death due to his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of headscarves.
The French Foreign Ministry called for the restoration of Adelkhah's freedom on Friday, following her release, "including if she wishes, she should be allowed to return to France.
”
Did the balloon incident make America see more clearly?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a report in the Wall Street Journal today, the United States is preparing to further tighten its export of technology to China following the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials say the balloon incident highlights the national security threat posed by China and will generate more political support for strengthening U.S. technology protections.
The United States claims that the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior official of the US Central Intelligence Agency and current employee of the Washington think tank New America Security Center.
"This is undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire and supporting the hard-line view on China."
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday, "We will also consider taking broader action to expose and counter China's larger scale surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security as well as that of our allies and partners.
"U.S. officials say they have briefed the governments of more than 30 countries on the balloon incident, and international coordination is crucial to countering the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior research fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Select Committee on the Strategic Competition Between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party in the U.S. House of Representatives may also put pressure on the United States to take more severe measures to slow down China's development.
She said that members of Congress would feel increasing pressure to take a harder stance, which could in turn force the White House to adopt a more hardline policy.
The Wall Street Journal states that many people who advocate for stricter export controls are also pushing for the scope of the controls to be expanded to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The U.S. government has also been developing a foreign investment review plan to examine whether U.S. investments overseas pose potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls to move more quickly to implement the plan.
Syria-Turkey earthquake relief efforts continue day and night
Since the strong earthquake that hit Turkey and its neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked tirelessly day and night in the ruins of thousands of buildings destroyed by the earthquake to rescue survivors buried under rubble.
In the cold, they often called for silence, as they strained to hear any sign of life from the crumbling pile of concrete.
According to a report by Reuters today, two more women were rescued from the rubble of the earthquake after surviving for several days.
However, the death toll caused by the earthquake rose to 24,150 people.
The death toll in Turkey was 20,665, and in Syria it was more than 3,500.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that occurred on Monday continued to be followed by several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria. It is the seventh deadliest natural disaster of this century, surpassing the earthquake and tsunami in Japan in 2011 and coming close to the 31,000 deaths caused by the earthquake in neighboring Iran in 2003.
A similar strong earthquake that occurred in northwestern Turkey in 1999 caused the deaths of more than 17,000 people.
Two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years, Turkish authorities said on Saturday, and were rescued by emergency workers from the rubble of collapsed buildings in Turkey.
Another injured man, 55-year-old Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In the cold, rescuers often call for silence as they strain to hear any signs of life from the rubble of the crumbling concrete.
In Samandag district of Turkey, rescuers crouched under the concrete slab, whispering "Inshallah" - "God willing" - as they carefully reached into the rubble to rescue a newborn, just 10 days old.
He opened his eyes wide as the baby, Yagiz Ulas, was wrapped in a warm blanket and taken to the field hospital.
Video footage shows that emergency personnel also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale-faced on a stretcher, but conscious.
Fuat Oktay, the Vice President of Turkey, told reporters overnight that 67 people were rescued from the rubble within the past 24 hours, and a total of 31,000 rescue personnel were deployed to the affected areas.
He said that about 80,000 people were receiving treatment in hospitals, while 1.05 million people had become homeless due to the earthquake and were crammed into makeshift shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, the public's doubts about the disaster relief response of the leaders of the two countries are increasing.
According to Syrian official media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma visited a hospital in Aleppo. It is reported that this is the first time he has visited the disaster area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said that its stocks in the northwest of Syria, which is controlled by the rebels, were running out because the war situation made rescue work complicated.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adiyaman province, where he admitted that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is seeking re-election in a vote on May 14 that could be postponed because of the disaster.
Reuters said that anger over delayed aid and the start of rescue efforts could affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge to Erdoğan's 20-year rule.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called "negative campaigning for political gain."
Kemal Kilicdaroglu, leader of Turkey's main opposition party, criticized the government's response.
Critics said, "The earthquake was big, but what is more serious than the earthquake is the lack of coordination, lack of planning, and incompetence.
”
Vietnam News Agency Hanoi – According to a report by a special correspondent of Vietnam News Agency, during his visit to Brunei, on the morning of February 11, Nguyen Xuan Phuc, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, also known as “Brunei University”).
The University of Brunei Darussalam is the largest center of higher education and scientific research in Brunei, and is ranked third in the university rankings in the region.
The University of Brunei Darussalam is one of the symbols of Vietnam's and Brunei's cooperation in education and training.
In July 2013, the University of Brunei Darussalam officially established a cooperative relationship with Vietnam's FPT University, with English language training as the main area of cooperation.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese, and Korean as foreign languages, the University of Brunei Darussalam has also included Vietnamese in its curriculum.
When visiting the University of Brunei Darussalam, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Pham Minh Chinh, and his wife had an exchange with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Phan Van Giang is happy that more and more foreigners are interested in learning Vietnamese, and he is actively contributing to promoting the cultural characteristics and local customs of Vietnam to the world.
The Prime Minister of the Government, Pahn Meng Thiang, expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching team of the University of Brunei Darussalam would become stronger and stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language class would become more and more interested in the Vietnamese language, strive to learn it, and be able to use fluent Vietnamese early on, and become ambassadors of the friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also took the opportunity to communicate with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Rach Gia City via video, to learn about their learning situation, especially during the pandemic.
According to Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, the cooperative relationship between Vietnam's FPT University and the University of Brunei Darussalam, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the cooperative relationship between Vietnam and Brunei in education.
At the same time, the students of the center are expected to make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and the two countries.
Prime Minister Phan Minh Giang highly appreciated the achievements of the two countries in educational cooperation during his discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and leaders of Brunei University. These achievements include the cooperation between FPT University and Brunei University, as well as the initiative of Brunei University to include Vietnamese language in its teaching curriculum.
Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha hopes that the University of Brunei Darussalam will continue to pay attention to ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the size of the Vietnamese language program.
Pham Minh Chinh, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, also highly evaluated the positive results of cooperation between the two countries based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Educational Cooperation signed in April 2014; he suggested that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs, such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha highly appreciated the establishment of the first branch campus of the University of Brunei Darussalam in Vietnam; believes that the university's development scale in the region and the world is increasingly strong; and further expand cooperation with Vietnamese higher education institutions.
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha and his wife planted a commemorative tree in the campus of the University of Brunei Darussalam and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha wished that the University of Brunei Darussalam would continue to develop and contribute more and more to Brunei's education, and that it would develop deeper and broader cooperation with Vietnamese educational and training institutions.
(Finished)
Vietcombank
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his wife have successfully completed their official visits to Singapore and Brunei, achieving comprehensive, practical and specific results, according to a report by Vietnam News Agency in Hanoi.
In the three days of his visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingcheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements made have injected new impetus into the promotion of the strategic partnership and comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and Laos, which will continue to develop in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh continued to reiterate Vietnam's foreign policy of independence, pluralism, and change, and the country's willingness to be a good friend and reliable partner to all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of each country, and the commitment to promoting the welfare of their respective peoples, and to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At various meetings and conferences, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai agreed with the leaders of Singapore and Brunei that political mutual trust with Vietnam should be continuously strengthened through the exchange of high-level delegations, the effective implementation of bilateral cooperation mechanisms, and the signing of important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnership with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening Comprehensive Partnership with Brunei in the period of 2023-2027 are the two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Image from Vietnam News Agency
During the meeting with business leaders, the symposium or the attendance of economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates favorable conditions for Singapore and Brunei businesses to expand their investment scope in digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity in Vietnam.
This visit will not only help deepen the cooperation between Vietnam, Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, foreign affairs, economy, security, defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also create a cooperation framework for the countries in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart city, and sustainable development.
The King of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah, and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter into bilateral talks.
Image from Vietnam News Agency
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the Vietnamese communities living in the local areas.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai suggested that the authorities of both countries pay more attention and ensure that the local Vietnamese community is treated fairly, and create favorable conditions for the local community to contribute to society and cultivate relations between the two countries.
Both leaders agreed to and supported the proposal.
In particular, Prime Minister Fan Mingjian shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable, and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain unity and collaboration with ASEAN countries and enhance the central role of ASEAN in a complex and changing regional and international context.
Premier Phan Văn Mỹ's official visit to Singapore and Brunei was made on the basis of the important achievements obtained, and it made active contributions to the effective implementation of the foreign policy line of the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam, which prioritizes strengthening relations with ASEAN neighboring countries, the effective implementation of the 12th conclusion of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam on Vietnamese overseas affairs in the new situation (12-KL/TW), and the mobilization of the national unity force.
(Finished)
What exactly was the "object" that was shot down over Alaska?
Confusing and full of speculation
The US military used the most advanced stealth fighter jet, the F-22, to shoot down an unidentified object flying in the airspace of Alaska, USA, on Friday afternoon (February 10).
The location where it was shot down was ten miles from the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the US military has shot down an aerial object.
Last Saturday, a Chinese spy balloon was destroyed in the airspace above the coast near South Carolina in the United States, after drifting for several days in the airspace of the United States.
The Pentagon said that the second object shot down entered US airspace for the first time on Thursday night and was tracked by the US military as it moved over northeast Alaska at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet), about the size of a small car. It was much smaller than the previous Chinese spy balloon that was shot down.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no evidence that the object is maneuverable.
John Coby, the Strategic Communications Coordinator of the National Security Council of the White House, said on Friday that although the specific appearance of the object flying in the high sky was unclear, it "posed a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation."
Kobe said that the object was different from the spy balloon found in the United States, as it did not have a "payload" hanging from it.
Kobe said, "We call it a 'body' as it is the best description we can make at the moment."
President Biden listened to the advice of the Pentagon before ordering the object to be shot down, and he made the decision "very carefully," Cobie added.
The official description of the object by the United States can be roughly summarized as follows: it is the size of a small car, has no control sticks, no suspension, and flies at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
However, this information still does not answer fundamental questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is carrying out.
Many analyses and speculations online suggest that it may be another Chinese balloon.
It may have come from China, just like the spy balloon that invaded US airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, and it may have been performing some sort of mission at a different location.
Some people have linked this "object" in Alaska to "unidentified flying objects" (UFOs).
A report by the American news weekly cited a tweet posted on Friday by Peter Meijer, a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives, saying, "I really hope that this 'unidentified flying object' is a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO."
"It is surprising that the irony of mixing alien spacecraft with weather balloons is causing an intergalactic conflict," said Mayer.
Mejia tweeted this shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said that it was not just Mejia who suspected the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Congressman Tim Burchett criticized the government's cover-up of intelligence last month, and demanded that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
Amazon's customer service attitude is hard to believe.
I'm guessing that very few people have seen this, but I'll say a few words anyway.
The shirt that we bought at the time was a hoodie with a drawstring, and the one that was sent to me was a short-sleeved shirt.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service, and at that time, it was confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I requested a refund, and the customer service representative said they would solve the problem. Then, I immediately saw that the name of the product had been changed to short sleeves, and the link I had bought was taken down.
The customer service then informed me that I could either keep the goods and receive a certain amount of compensation, or return them.
Is this how Amazon handles things?
It's really hard to believe. The fact that the wrong clothes were sent is not my problem. As a consumer, I want to receive the product I'm entitled to, and I didn't make any exaggerated demands. Amazon changed the name and said it was out of stock.
This is my first long review, and I hope it's not my last.
Sleeves that are incomprehensible to people
It is said to be made of leather, and it is indeed quite hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks on it, and it is not clear whether it is real leather. Moreover, the sleeves of this coat are truly incomprehensible. The sleeves of a jacket are usually longer than the sleeves of a dress, but usually only by 1-2 cm. This coat is 5 cm longer, and the arms should naturally hang down at the position of the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this coat cover the fingers.
It's easy to buy clothes, and it's easy to return them.
But when will the money be returned?
The clothes were well made, but because the size was too small, I had to return them. However, after returning the clothes, it has been more than a week and I still haven't received a refund?
And to have to contact the dishonest FedEx, which is the worst shopping experience since I started buying from Amazon!
However, the store was good and cooperated actively to speed up the delivery and refund. However, the work of this YTO Express is really infuriating. It took about half a month to refund the money. This partner is trying to slow down Amazon. The work efficiency is poor and there is no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
It's a 99 Second Killer.
The workmanship, color, and feel of the cotton underpants are all good. They are soft and thin, and don't have a gasoline smell.
Unfortunately, the style is slim-fit and better suited for younger people.
3XL, flat waist circumference 2 feet 5 inches, maximum stretch size 4 feet, 1.79/80 kilograms, the waist is a little tight when worn.
It seems like there is no drawstring at the waist, and it is quite difficult to loosen the waistband.
Also, it's uncomfortable to wear something so tight.
It's good, but not very brightly colored.
I just bought it and it has already gone up by more than 200 yuan. What’s going on?
The first time Amazon used the delivery service, the delivery person did not deliver the package to my home; later, the delivery person proactively arranged two delivery times with me, but still did not deliver the package. After that, they directly refunded my money, and I strongly suggest that you do not use this dishonest delivery service called Tian Tian Lao Bao.
This time, they also gave me a refund for a hoodie, and the price went up by more than 100 yuan when I tried it on again.
Amazon should not sell its own products
Buy it when it's on special offer, as it's not cheap, but the reviews are very good.
When I received the product, I was stunned. The surface of the product was heavily worn, with significant wear in many other places. It was either a substandard product or a used one. I will upload a picture later.
I applied for a refund, and the manufacturer's people said it was due to transportation after seeing the pictures. Isn't that just a lie?
How could there be wear and tear inside the goods?
There are only two possibilities: either it's a substandard or old product, or I deliberately damaged the product and then returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I did not damage the goods, but based on my Amazon shopping record, I think such goods should not be included in Amazon's own products. Customers choose Amazon's own products because they trust them. Customer win, we win. The customer's victory is the manufacturer's victory. I hope everyone can work together to improve this, thank you.
I have had this product for less than a year and it has already developed two E2s. I don't know how to handle this.
I purchased this product on July 30, 2015, but the right two sets of receivers often showed red E2 in March 2016. This should be a problem with the transmitting module, right? This doesn't seem to match the information on the Amazon website that the transmitting module can work for 7 years. I can't find any after-sales service on the Amazon website. What should I do?
It's okay.
The first purchase was bad.
It doesn't feel new.
The labels on the box were torn off, and the labels on the body of the machine were also damaged.
And it always goes blank.
It was better after the change.
The exchange is pretty quick, and it's a bit blurry at night, and the field of view isn't very wide, but it's good enough for normal home use.
The only downside is that there is no card, I bought it myself, and also, I have bought a phone from Amazon before.
There is a sticker on the packaging to prevent it from being opened, but there wasn't one this time. When I bought the phone, there was a sticker that looked like it could be pasted onto the warranty card, but there wasn't one this time.
I am confused because I don't know if it's because the price is cheap that there is no product.
Waiting for the supplier to respond
The packaging had no label, so I called the supplier directly and said that the answer was that it was authentic without a label. If you have any doubts, you can mail the corner or edge pieces to Johnson & Johnson for inspection. I also left my license plate number and phone number, and promised to send a text message to notify me to enter my information into the warranty card on the Johnson & Johnson website. Have you received the text message yet?
I received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
I am quite comfortable with Amazon's self-produced products.
The mechanic who changed the oil said the oil was clear and was indeed good oil.
It was the second time I purchased it.
So I am still very comfortable.
The delivery was fast, the package was not picky, and after using this oil, the engine noise was significantly reduced.
It is good value for money, and it is difficult to find synthetic engine oil for less than 200.
Support Star Crown, support winning, and effectively protect your car.
Japanese Amazon caused serious harm to the interests of buyers due to customer service problems (the delivery of 8c mites as 8cm mites) (8c = 14cm, 8cm = 2c)
Admitting the mistake, but always shirking responsibility, and always emphasizing that the goods were third-party goods and could not be controlled by the third party.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
I originally purchased the page in size options of 7c, 8, and 9c. I thought this was a trap at the time, and I called the Chinese customer service of JD.com to clarify that 8 was indeed 8c. However, when the goods arrived in China, I found that they were only 8cm. I think this was a deliberate trap set up to cheat Chinese people (according to Amazon's after-sales service). Now, the page no longer has this option.
Chinese customer service: I'm sorry for causing you losses. We have two options for you:
1. You can return the item, and the buyer will bear all the shipping costs.
2. If you don't want to return the item, we will compensate you with 1,000 yen.
(I calculated the cost of the shoes, which were over 4,000 yen, and converted them to 200 RMB. I chose option 1, and since I didn't have any shoes, the loss was 200 yuan.
Choice 2: I have shoes, and I was compensated 2,000 yen in the end, and the final loss was 150 RMB. Customer service: We have recorded it, and we will handle it seriously. The next day, they sent me a return email saying that I do not accept the mediation by the Chinese customer service, and that was the end of it.
I said: When the purchase page had confusing options like 7c, 8c, and 9c, the Chinese customer service representative helped me understand that Japanese common codes do not have c, like 140, but did you check other bug pages?
There are both American codes and Japanese codes mixed together.
Besides, why did you put the 8cm size in between the 7c and 9c sizes, which is the smallest size, what’s the point of putting it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese services, but we don't know if you want to ship it back to your country, so we won't reimburse your shipping fees.
I don't understand this logic anymore. I am Japanese, and I need Chinese customer service. Chinese living in Japan don't need Chinese customer service. Tourists visiting Japan don't have the time to call international long distance, so the question is, who needs to call the Chinese customer service for Amazon Global Store? It's people like me who shop on Japanese Amazon.
Isn't the Chinese customer service of Amazon just convenient for those who do cross-border shopping?
I was not very satisfied with this purchase.
This is the second time I have purchased Bambix diapers from Amazon. I had bought a box of them for my baby when he was 2 months old. I chose the diapers made of imported European paper. I was quite satisfied with my first purchase experience. My baby used one diaper all night long, and it really could meet the 12-hour diaper-free requirement.
However, when I bought L-brand diapers this time, I found that there were two packages in one box, and the paper felt softer than that of the imported Pampers; when I opened the package, I could see a clear difference between the two; after using it on my baby, I found that it was still okay, and there were no signs of wetting or rashes.
However, when the second pack of diapers was used, red rashes immediately appeared on the inside of the baby's thighs, and they have not faded away to this day.
I suspect the two packets in one box, the quality is not the same.
I won't be buying from them again!
Wish to pay attention to the transport protection of the package
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have ever seen for an online purchase. There were absolutely no protective measures, no cushioning foam, no buffer material for the package, nothing at all.
Just a deformed box.
And the ones that were packaged in the soft plastic boxes had their boxes crushed and deformed.
I hope it is the real thing and of good quality, so that I won't be afraid to buy things from Amazon in the future.
I would rather pay a little more at home and have some guarantees.
Moreover, the issue of packaging for consumer goods has been commented on in 2016, and it still looks the same now, 19 years later.
This shows that Amazon doesn't care about service feedback at all, and is far behind domestic e-commerce giants such as JD and Tmall.
It's beautiful, but a bit of a shame
I really like the color of the entire cup, which is a bright orange color. Although my family is a man's family, I still think that the bright orange color looks great with yellow.
Smaller than I imagined, but it was meant to be taken out of the house, so it's still acceptable.
I took it home last night and tried it out. After pushing the cap back, the distance between the straw and the cap was too close. Because the straw is positioned vertically, my son always has to hold the bump on the cap while drinking, and he thinks this part could be improved.
It seems that the straw cups of other brands are tilted for a reason, and for children's products, safety and comfort really do matter.
Lightweight and high capacity
I like that it's lightweight and has a large opening, but the two separate compartments seem a bit excessive to me; I'm not sure what to put in them.
After I bought it, I found that there was another one of a different brand that was very similar at HuaMei Overseas Store for less than 200 yuan.
Fake goods, they are particularly bad.
I bought fake goods from Amazon, and I was fooled.
The customer service person said that since I used it, I couldn't return it, and I didn't know it was fake because I didn't use it.
Because of trust, I am saddened. After all, it is a makeup product. So, please go to a physical store and buy it. It is a little more expensive, but it is worth it.
Because it was a flash sale, I didn't read the comments, and I have already submitted the e-commerce platform to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let's fight for our rights together.
Is it broken?
Fake goods?
In short, a tragedy.
The second patch was chosen for its fine pores, but when I opened it, it had a strange smell. I thought it was normal because I had never used this product before. But when I put it on my face, I couldn't stand it anymore. It had a strong smell that was indescribable. I coughed immediately after inhaling the smell, and my eyes were also very painful and teary. I immediately took it off and washed my face.
I tried another copy of the same product, which doesn't have such a strong smell, and I'm currently using it.
It reminded me a bit of the smell of cheap hair dye in a salon.
It's hard to imagine that Amazon's own-brand skincare products will be off the market from now on.
Traitors.
At the time of purchase, the activity page said that when you spend 99 yuan, you will receive a set of "Three-Body Universe," but the product was not included in the package. When I called customer service, they asked me to show them the screenshot of the activity at the time of purchase. The problem is that whoever bought the product would have to save the webpage screenshot, and you need the customer to provide you with the screenshot of your own activity. Please be careful next time, buyers, and save evidence.
After-feeling
This is the first time I bought something on Amazon, and I have several feelings about it. First, let me talk about the feeling of using the product. The first one is indeed painless, and there is no stimulating taste. Overall, it is pretty good. It took about 8 minutes to wipe off, and there was a small amount of sweat debris on it. If you don't look closely, you won't notice it. So, overall, it's pretty good. As for the rest, I will continue to observe and use it again to see how it goes.
Anyway, I think this stuff is really good.
I placed an order on the 27th and received the goods on the 12th, which was a total of 15 days or half a month. The delivery person from Amazon was also very nice.
Third, don't believe in Amazon's Black Friday. Just place an order on Friday, and you will get a discount of nearly 12 dollars after two days. I bought it for more than 170 dollars (including shipping fee and other expenses), and I felt like they were raising the price for the event.
The customer service representative said that the price fluctuates, and after I paid attention for more than 10 days, the price was just like this, and the fluctuation was not very big.
Affordable price, made in Japan, with Chinese labels, with granules, and absolutely buy-backable!
The toothpaste with grains in it is refreshingly pleasant, and your teeth feel smooth after use. It's better than some other brands. The label says it's imported, but many of the products don't have Chinese labels, so I don't know where they're sourced from.
From now on, I will never buy second-hand goods again as long as Amazon has them.
Here's a suggestion: sometimes the order confirmation doesn't show up on the Amazon app. I hope you can improve the app a bit; it's getting better and better!
Excellent has been getting worse every year, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
Garbage Excellent does not care about customer needs and has a special delivery time of 19:00-22:00 when placing orders.
Because there is an elderly person in the family who is unable to get out of bed after surgery, the post office can only accept deliveries in the evening.
The result was that they came directly to my door at noon, without even calling first.
If the delivery time is up to your discretion, why bother to pretend to be considerate by setting a time for the customer to choose?
If your logistics can't guarantee service, then you might as well not be an e-commerce company!
An elderly man with three wounds on his body had to get out of bed to open the door to receive a delivery, and then had to find some spare change to pay for it!
The order has a contact phone number!
No one even called to explain!
The so-called complaint customer service of Zhuangye.com is a bunch of out-of-towners pretending to be there, fobbing off your complaints and giving you a so-called response.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I had put up with similar problems with delivery times before, but this time I couldn't take it anymore; it was too much!
The new book I bought was pre-sold with the front and back covers reversed. This is obviously a quality problem. So, I just sent the book to the customer with my eyes closed?
No one will contact you if you leave a negative comment.
Excellent has been getting worse every year, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
I will not spend another penny on Excellence.
The picture quality is just not acceptable
As a title such as "Ancient Map Collection," the book is really hard to accept in terms of the selection of images, layout, and printing, and some images are even pixelated, making them unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small illustration, it should not be a disgrace to the Middle Chinese documentary resources left by our ancestors in the catalog!
(And many of the images can be obtained from relevant industry resources in clear original files.) What is the difference between using such images to compile books and not using images at all?
I regret this kind of academic spirit.
No comment on the text; the Fang family has their own opinions.
Overall 2 stars.
When I was in grade 10, I picked up this book just to pass the time, thinking that I wouldn't get addicted to a book like this, because I wasn't really interested in online novels before.
Then... I fell into a hole.
Judging from the plot, the entire book is quite light and enjoyable. When Ye Zui was still in the online game, even though there were intrigues between the guilds, they were not heavy at all because they were often made light by the blood of Ye Shen Dog.
As for the part about the competition, it expresses a bittersweet feeling of the changes of the times (perhaps because I am too sentimental).
Reading the entire book took up a lot of my study time in Grade 11, but I just couldn't put it down.
The full-time depiction of characters and emotional lines is amazing, and some characters only appear occasionally but still leave a deep impression on people. For example, the characters Yu Zhuang, Huang Xiaotian, and Su Mocha, who are given more attention, have a large number of fans, while the characters who are not in the center of the writing, such as Jiang Bo, Chu Yunxiu, and so on, are also very popular. In a light novel about e-sports, it is hard to find a character that is extremely disliked, which is the success of full-time in character depiction.
In terms of the romantic subplot, the full-time players don't have the problem of the thousands of concubines in the palace that are either beautiful or rotten, as is often the case in web novels. Everyone in the novel has a common interest in the game Honor, and most of them want a fair and honest victory.
The subplots are minor, and there's no grand conspiracy, but everyone seems so simple and adorable.
This may also be why there aren't any particularly unlikable characters in Full Time.
The full-time IP is a big part of that.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online literature, Full-Time Job is a good book.
He really does provide some blood and guts, and a little bit of inspiration.
I became a full-time animator in April this year.
I have wanted to buy this set of books for a long time. I was hesitant to buy them because I always thought my wallet was too thin, and then I found out that the TB version on Amazon was full of counterfeit products. Recently, another version was released, and I really like the cover, but I still plan to buy the old version first. So I looked for it on Amazon and bought a set at once.
Next, let me briefly explain the situation with the goods.
● The fourth book is not shrink-wrapped, but the book is new.
The 17th book was plastic-wrapped but was opened, and the book felt strange and was not hard like the others.
The 23rd and 17th books are the same, but are harder than the 17th book, but are very old.
● The publishers of a few books seem to be different, for example, the 23rd and 17th seem to be the same publisher, and different from the others.
Overall, I am satisfied. It is a large box with 24 books, which is very satisfying.
The little lion was sad.
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as Lost City of Z, but there was a lot of text!
I read it three times before finally reading the book to the little kids. It's about a little lion who can shoot guns and loves to eat juice and candy.
When I saw the scene where the lion ate the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable; modern city people find it hard to accept such an arrangement where animals eat humans.
In the end, this little lion, which had succeeded in human society, lost himself. He was no longer entirely a lion, nor entirely a human.
Finally, only the back of the little lion is visible, and it is not clear where he has gone.
It is possible that the image of the little lion will remain in the memory of the grown-up children for many years to come, and will be recalled by chance one day, perhaps touching or inspiring them.
A collection of works with a very good price-to-quality ratio
1. I didn't know about TASCHEN before, but I recently bought a lot of their books because they are so powerful, both in terms of their selection of topics and their production quality.
This work has been released in three versions. The largest version, like the Michelangelo Buonarroti Complete Works, is almost 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the medium version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this version is the smallest, and comes with a book box.
I personally think it is acceptable. Firstly, the price is cheap, and the more than 700 pages are divided into two volumes, which is good for browsing; secondly, it is different from the complete works of Michelangelo, where the paintings are the main part, and the black and white manuscripts of Da Vinci take up most of the book. For readers with limited budget and who are not art majors, this version is the best in terms of cost-effectiveness for appreciating the paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanations for the painting section were great, with analysis of composition, drafts, and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I'm not sure if the print or book size was the problem, but some of the shadows in the parts of the county were too deep, making it difficult to see the details, which is a bit of a shame.
Compared to Michelangelo's manuscripts, the content of Da Vinci's manuscripts is much richer.
The former is already a genius, and the latter's broad range of interests and high achievements are not enough to describe him as a genius.
If you only looked at the paintings and could only experience half of Da Vinci, you would be completely speechless after seeing the manuscripts.
Garbage, whoever buys it will regret it!
I never give a bad review, this is truly garbage, I wasted money on this, what a scam!
1. Don't walk away, and suddenly it becomes January 1, and the time resets.
2. The poor quality straps are not made of silicone, and the straps caused an allergic reaction and swelling on my wrist.
3. I can't get my phone to connect regularly.
The battery life is only five days.
5. Sleep detection is not displayed, and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
Other.
The delivery is too slow.
The order was supposed to be delivered on October 16, but I only received it on October 21. I give it a bad review!
The delivery is too bad. I didn't expect the delivery to be so slow, especially since I already bought it on Amazon!
Overall satisfied
At first, I was worried about the packaging of the camera, but this time it was fine. There was an inflatable bag inside, and the camera was consistent with the three codes. I was also able to register it on the official website. The shutter speed was 0, and the rest would have to wait to be tested.
The shipping speed is also pretty fast. Here, I want to complain about the delivery guy who put expensive items in the lobby and left quickly. I couldn't inspect the package in front of him, which is really ridiculous.
The seller thought of the customer before shipping the goods:)
The merchants are quite responsible and they specifically call to ask about the screen size of the camera used, which is really thoughtful for the customers.
Shipping speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also quite suitable and useful to use.
Battery not fully charged
The machine is indeed good. I was wondering how come it can't be fully charged the first time I charged it. The charging indicator light has been red the whole time.
Currently, there is no official feedback channel for Amazon, so you can only provide feedback in the product reviews.
1. On March 29, the book was purchased for 31 yuan through pre-order, and it was shown that it would be pushed to the device on March 31. At this time, the book could not be previewed on the Amazon website (because it had not been published yet);
The book pushed to the device on March 31 was blank, with only a message saying "please wait," and the electronic version of the book on Amazon was reduced to 18 yuan;
I have been trying repeatedly for the past two days to delete the blank book that was downloaded on my device and then synchronize it again, but I am still unable to obtain the electronic version of "The Nature of Business" with the actual content. However, I can see that the book is available for preview on the Amazon website.
I have a few thoughts at the moment.
1. The issue of price is not the most important one. The key is how to replace the blank books on Kindle with books with actual content, rather than always being told to "stay tuned" when downloading.
2. You won't be able to buy the pre-ordered book anymore, because if you skip the line, it will be a complicated process to download a book with empty content;
3. I hope Amazon provides a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When there are doubts about the download or use of an e-book, there should be a place to provide feedback (such as a work order or online customer service, which can be used as a reference for how Microsoft's official store does it).
Not really recommended reading.
I read this a long time ago, and I just happened to see it again. Let me write a few comments based on my memory.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of fragments of life about love.
The tone of the book is extremely plain, like plain water, and the choice of words and phrases is the epitome of simplicity. The plot is as quiet and plain as a street in the afternoon of a summer day.
Each short story is a snapshot of a small part of an ordinary life, with no beginning and no end.
They were finally collected together and given the title "When We Talk About Love, What Are We Talking About?"
I think this collection of short stories, and its title, is a kind of performance art. The author wants to express that love is not just the joys and sorrows on stage, not just the cliché of urban legends, not just the sticky and glue-like relationship between friends, and not just what is above should not be represented by what is above. Love is also the mundane life, the monotonous days, and the lack of direction in life, the escape from reality, and the uncertainty of the future.
Reading this book may bring to mind the quarrelling couples around you, the dull marriages of people you know, and the unsatisfactory relationships.
This is precisely why I do not recommend reading it. From the aesthetic point of view, the writing style and plot of the book are tasteless, unless your life is full of turmoil or sweetness like living in a candy castle. Otherwise, you will feel that it is strange but not strange and boring to read.
In terms of depth of thought, the daily events do not strike one as particularly striking or expanding one's mind and vision (this is different from Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera), and the brief segments do not explore any issues, such as what kind of mistakes led to the failure of love?
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book, whether you read it or not doesn't really matter.
The author's ideas are expressed more through techniques and forms than through the story plot, which is also the reason why the reading experience of this book is not very good.
It is suitable for casual reading and cannot be read in detail.
The book is well-structured, but the content is not very substantial.
It explained what and why many sales theories are, but was weak in terms of how to do it; it only pointed out the direction but did not provide specific practices.
Additionally, the book feels like it was put together haphazardly.
The examples include both domestic and foreign individuals; both well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople and people who are not well-known.
I don't know if it's a story compiled for the sake of example, and if some cases experienced by the authors would be more convincing.
The terms "customer" and "client" are used interchangeably.
The title still refers to the customer, but in the main text it becomes the client.
The e-book also had typos, missing punctuation, and incorrect numbering.
In short, this book is a good choice for beginners who want to learn the theory, but it is not suitable for people who are already working in sales and want to improve their sales skills.
A quick introduction to the guidebook on Internet finance
This book is very shallow, and can be said to be just an introduction. It can help you quickly understand the overall picture of Internet finance, but if you want to understand it in depth, you still need to follow the clues and dig deeper on your own.
It was written earlier, and the later Alipay-WeChat subsidy war to cultivate user habits is not mentioned in the book. Today, the market share of third-party payments is probably not as small as the proportion mentioned in the book.
Now many people go out to eat and bring their mobile phones with them. Merchants have also abandoned UnionPay because of the high bank transaction volume.
However, I am very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It is clear that the author has at least several years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development in both China and abroad, which is why the content is so easy to understand.
It's easy to write something that sounds grand and lofty, but the real challenge is to write something that is easy to understand.
I appreciate you, and I want you to know it!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the level of their salary, but whether they are given enough attention and appreciation in their work.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs theory, after the basic survival needs of human beings are met, the most urgent need is the psychological need for understanding, affirmation, and recognition.
It is true that for Chinese people, most of them are "I love you but I can't say it", even if they have love, gratitude and appreciation, they will keep it to themselves and not say it out loud.
In this book, the author discusses five languages of appreciation: words of affirmation, acts of service, quality time, tangible gestures, and physical touch.
I think what's important is not what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use them from the bottom of your heart to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, whether they are family members, friends, or colleagues.
In fact, the closer the relationship, the more we need to appreciate and be grateful, so that our lives can become more beautiful.
Learning to appreciate people can help companies retain talent to a certain extent and reduce the rate of resignations.
Thank you to the translators for bringing us the wonderful thoughts and worlds of foreign countries.
Due to differences in cultural backgrounds between East and West, there may be some differences between the languages, and if given the opportunity, readers may gain more by reading the original version of the author.
Thank you again to the authors, translators, and editors for their hard work!
Suspected to be counterfeit products, please have Amazon conduct a strict review.
The quality is terrible, the packaging is flimsy, it has no weight, and it is even worse than the products sold at roadside stalls; it has no weight and no barcode, and the packaging of ten bags is flimsy; it is not a characteristic of a qualified product; it is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, and I have applied for a refund; it is a quality problem; I suggest that the seller wake up and refuse to sell poor quality products; addition: I also bought a heart-shaped stamp, 23 yuan/10 sheets at the supermarket, and added a few comparison photos to further verify the poor quality of the product; in order to provide consumers with a clearer reference, avoid economic losses, and further emotional distress, I am providing this information!
Once again, we hope that Amazon can be meticulous and strict with the source of its products.
The hastily produced product falls short of expectations
Advantages:
1. Big brands, cheap prices.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are both guaranteed by PANASONIC, and they are OK to use, but they fall short of my expectations.
Disadvantages:
1. There is no charging indicator light. This is the most basic thing that is missing. Customers who buy a product for 300 yuan are probably being taken advantage of, and Panasonic doesn't show them any respect.
2. Strong odor. Even when charging for just 10 minutes, a strong odor of burning plastic can be detected.
The office was trialed for 1 day, and the whole room smelled like plastic.
Compared to the Philips PHILIPS I used before, which is priced the same, although it has more blades, the Samsung product is really not up to par in terms of quality.
Small packaging
When I received the parcel, I saw that it was labeled as the e-commerce version. I knew that I had been cheated again. It was smaller than the one I bought at the supermarket. It should be size M. The packaging was different from the one in the product description. It was the new version, I guess.
Three stars are for blaming yourself for not having seen the specifications of the product clearly. I have no problem with you selling me a M-size e-commerce version. What do the "incorrect version" mean?
E-commerce is too complicated, so I still go to the supermarket to buy things.
It's just purple sauce.
I don't like the taste.
The kid doesn't like the taste of toothpaste, and every time it says it's spicy. Maybe there's a more appropriate word to describe it, but for now, that's the only word in the kid's vocabulary.
I bought it when I was organizing the event, and it was very cheap, so I feel a bit embarrassed to give it a bad review; I'll give it four stars, but I won't be buying it again.
It's genuine, and the packaging is good.
The packaging is complete, and an inflatable bag is added inside. There are no online reviews, and the product looks like a single product.
The plastic film on the outside of the bottle is just like the one described in the picture, and the delivery was also very fast, arriving the day after I ordered it.
It is genuine, but it is out of stock and I don't know when it will be back in stock.
A terrible shopping experience
I placed an order on Black Friday, but it took a long time to receive the package, which had been signed for. When I checked, I found out that the package had been signed for a long time ago. I asked my colleagues, and they said they didn’t sign for it. I immediately contacted the courier company, but they said I could only initiate a query after the sender. I contacted Amazon customer service, and I had to wait for more than ten days. Finally, I found out that the courier was delivered to the wrong person, and it took several rounds of communication before I finally got the courier back. The outer package was already opened, and the product was still intact, but I don’t know if it had been used before. Anyway, it was a bad experience.
Wrong caption
I thought I would receive earphones like the one in Picture 1, but I received earphones like the one in Picture 2 instead. It doesn't matter that the pictures don't match. What does it mean that the left and right earphones have different volume levels?
Although the names are the same, we still hope that everyone can pay attention and, in addition, we would like to thank the responsible person at Amazon for promptly replacing the correct image.
The operating system is generally fine.
It took a while, but overall the picture is still good, and there is no noticeable difference. However, this system is a bit confusing, and the boot time is noticeably slow. It is also difficult to make good settings, and the software that comes with it is not worth commenting on. The response speed is even worse, and it is not even on the same level as my colleague's.
I read that the design is very humanized, but I couldn't find where it is humanized. The location of the remote control's commonly used up, down, left, and right buttons and the return button is really not to be praised.
So, you can use it as a TV, and add a TV box, for example.
The price cut is too severe.
The price drop is too drastic, from over 100 to just 99 now!
I accumulated a lot of unrated orders on Amazon, so I used a copied comment as the review content.
If I were to rate this product using this phrase, it would score at least 85 points.
I would never be lazy to copy and paste a bad review. This way, other consumers can use it as a reference when making a purchase, and the seller can improve the quality of their products.
Cheap and good wires, that's enough if it doesn't burn out!
This is such a cheap cable, but it should meet the HDMI certification standards. I compared it with the crap products from Akihabara in China (the prices are twice as much), and the cable is thick and soft, and the transmission of 7 meters has no noise. From now on, I will trust Besee for low-priced cables!
The products are fine, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites.
After placing the order, I realized that I made a mistake, but I couldn't cancel the order. The webpage for contacting online customer service always shows an error link, and I couldn't get in touch with them.
After the delivery person called me after the delivery, I said I didn't want it anymore, and I tried to cancel the order, but it didn't work. The delivery person took it back, and said I had to sign for it first, and then I could apply for a refund.
When I applied for a return, I was informed that food items cannot be returned once they are signed for. I couldn't call Amazon customer service, and they said the same thing: food items cannot be returned once they are signed for.
I have bought items that cannot be returned due to policy at JD and Sunning, including milk and diapers, and I have contacted customer service to return them, and they have been returned at JD, and even the diapers at Amazon smelled too bad when opened, and I was still able to contact customer service to return them.
The rules are dead, people are alive. How should I contact your customer service to ask about this?
Tell me whether I should pick it up myself or have the delivery person buy it for me. It's not easy for the delivery person to do this, so why should I make them spend money to buy something that I didn't purchase myself?
Okay, I won't back out either. I'll take it myself, but I have to give your service a 1.
I advise you not to waste your money.
First, I was full of anticipation when I bought it, thinking that the Dali brand should not be bad at all, and after receiving it, I thought it looked good from the packaging, the size was not bad, but there was one box that was basically all soft, and it was not visible from the outside, you had to touch it to feel it, and when I put it in my mouth, there was no taste at all, it was tasteless and bland, and when I bit into it, the skin was dark yellow, which meant it was bad, and it was sold as good and bad, and only about one-third of it was edible, I advise you not to buy it, and it is not cheap either, the quality is too bad!
After this experience, I will never buy fruit from an e-commerce platform again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting mark on the product?
The corner of the bottle is deeply indented, which must have been caused by a strong impact. Judging from the outer packaging bag, the degree of damage is heart-wrenching. After all, the packaging of food products is too simple, and it is also an international purchase. There is no obvious anti-counterfeiting mark, and it is very easy to open the bottle. The most important thing is that the layer of honey inside the bottle directly came out from the opening. There is almost no adhesion, and is this the case with foreign products?
As someone born in China, I am a bit confused.
It must be the real thing, right?
There was also a message saying that it would arrive on the 21st, but I received it on the 14th. This is my first time shopping overseas here, and I just wanted to write down my doubts. Maybe this is all normal?
Delivery service needs improvement
I bought a total of 5 vouchers, and when I went to withdraw them, I made a reservation for the first time to withdraw 3 of them, but only 2 were sent to me. After communicating with the company, I found out that it was a delivery error and that they would send the missing ones. The second time I made a reservation, it just happened to be a holiday, and neither the website nor WeChat reminded me that I needed to make a reservation on a weekday. This caused unnecessary panic, and I suggest that they improve this in the future.
Great shopping
The food is good!
I still trust Amazon's self-produced products more. Now, overseas shopping is very convenient. It takes only a few more days for the goods to arrive from overseas than it does for domestic goods. I have to say that Amazon's ability to clear customs for goods purchased overseas and delivered to China is very strong. It is much faster than using a transit service. That's why I buy many things from overseas now.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be better. Many things are made in China, but it is cheaper to buy them back after going out and buying them elsewhere. I hope this can be improved.
Garbage
When you see a package like this, do you think it looks like garbage on the side of the road?
A plastic packaging that is easily broken, shipped from so-called Germany in a plastic bag, is this kind of packaging responsible?
I think that packaging like this is just like packaging for garbage. Buying this product, the packaging is so primitive that there are no measures to prevent damage. It is just a simple plastic bag packaging. After I received it, the package was completely deformed, and the items inside were also damaged.
If I had just encountered one like this, I would have bought a few of them, but I did, and I contacted Amazon customer service, and they said I could return them, but I would have to pay for the shipping, and then the shipping would be returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I asked if I could pay the shipping fee with cash and receive a gift card in return, which would be straightforward if I just bought your gift card myself. I also had to ship the product to a warehouse in Germany myself, which is like buying a product and being punished for it!
I kept telling the customer service that it was their responsibility for the problem, but they didn't even say it was their responsibility, and they didn't dare to take responsibility even a little bit. What kind of after-sales service is this? One word: screwed! But I guess Amazon won't give me a chance to publish this review, and they will directly delete it!
Quality is good, 5 stars, but the logistics is bad
1. The quality is good, it's a bargain, the price is reasonable, and it's worth the money.
2, solid, with sufficient material, welding points are firm, surface treatment is good, and the color is beautiful.
3. Logistics is a hardship, the order placed on the 3rd arrived on the 11th.
If Amazon had not marked the estimated delivery date as February 7, I might have been satisfied.
5, but if the expected delivery time is marked, it is equivalent to a promise to the user, and when the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user will be very upset.
6. If you are not sure you can keep your promise, don't make it.
7. In fact, I really care about the commitments made by merchants.
8. That's why I got a low score.
The gold wire will turn black.
The effect is there, but whether it is noticeable or not depends on the individual, or the psychological effect.
There is one thing that is not so good, which is the gold wire. Originally, the design looked good, but in reality, the gold wire will lose its color and when you put it on the car, if you touch it a few times with your hands or the car, there will be some gold powder.
I hope the product can be improved.
The square ones don't have any decorative effect either, so there's no need to put gold wire on them. It's a hassle to drop them on the car and make it dirty.
The items are in good condition, the speed is good, and they come in two packages with different packaging.
The delivery speed is quite fast, taking only 8 days, but it was divided into two packages, and the packaging was different. Obviously, one of them was over-protected with thick cardboard and plastic, and the outer packaging was easy to tear open, resembling a domestic delivery box. It seemed to have just a few buffer airbags, and it felt a bit sloppy.
Yarran mattresses are really good.
The mattress is not as thick as you might expect, and you don't need to sleep directly on the mattress.
The quality is good, both the front and back are soft, and sleeping on it is very comfortable. I fell asleep very quickly.
After receiving the mattress, there were some stains due to violent transportation by the courier. Yarran customer service was responsible and efficient in contacting me to solve the problem.
Not self-produced goods, Amazon is shameless.
The page clearly indicates self-sale, but in fact, it is delivered by the supplier, and after-sales service is provided by the supplier. If there is a problem, customers should contact the supplier themselves.
If you want to cancel the order, sorry, the order information has been transmitted to the supplier and cannot be canceled; if you want to return or exchange the goods, you have successfully applied for return or exchange on Amazon, sorry, no one can help you, and you need to contact the supplier yourself to return the goods.
This nima is self-produced.
The product is not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon will not take responsibility for after-sales service. The customer service even said, "I will contact the supplier for you," and claimed that it was self-owned, which is too shameless. It is a naked face and a naked fraud against consumers!
The experience of being sad
The filter cartridges I bought from other online stores worked well and didn't have limescale even after 28 days, so I used them for a few more days.
I always buy good quality products on Amazon, so I thought I would try buying them here. This was the first time I bought a filter on Amazon, and I was not satisfied with the quality. Not only did it start to develop limescale early on, but the filter also had small black carbon powder floating in it as early as day 28. I was not sure whether to continue using it or just throw it away. It was very frustrating.
It's not as good as you might imagine.
Compared to the other cables I have used in the past, the external workmanship is average, and I can't tell how the internal workmanship is until I open it up. I hope that it is as described by the seller. In terms of ease of use, it lacks a display of whether each individual unit is powered on or not.
The packaging was damaged, so I waited for a while to test the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is severely damaged, and the packaging box inside seems to be new, but the manual does not seem to be new. The house was renovated in September, and the products were stored; I hope they will not be bad by then. Please explain to me why several customers mentioned that the packaging was damaged, but you were able to sell them without any problems. Thank you!
Overall good, a few minor issues
I bought a water filter for the first time and read several reviews. I felt that LAICA was relatively cost-effective, so I chose it. After receiving the goods and following the instructions to install the filter, I tried it out and found that it was generally good, but when pouring water, the original water seemed to mix with the treated water from the spout (the water tank seal was not very tight).
When using it, you must wait for all the water to filter out before pouring it out!
Image is incomplete
The picture didn't capture the details of the side, and the side details didn't match the style of the main body, with a big difference; this is one; this bead is made in Thailand and doesn't indicate the place of origin, which is two; it doesn't indicate the material, which is three; when I bought it in the UK, each item had its own box, but here there is only a simple plastic bag, and there is no product mark on the bead, so I don't know how to judge whether it is genuine or fake.
Be careful when you buy things, especially things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service is terrible.
I placed an order two days ago, and today when I received it, I found that the price had dropped by 40 yuan. After spending a lot of time trying to find customer service, the customer service representative said that there was no way to refund the difference, but I could place a new order and return the item.
This kind of customer experience and service is really a million times worse than Taobao's.
Not bad, for a beginner, it's worth trying
It looks good and is not inferior to the top-grade diamond. I saw the price at the mall before, and it was several hundred yuan. This is the first time I have played with a diamond, and it's okay.
It's good.
The items are really good. I sent it to my girlfriend. However, it was a bit unpleasant when the courier didn't deliver it during lunchtime. The logistics company directly stored the package in the deposit box and didn't send me a confirmation message to pick it up. I had to go twice.
However, the baby is really good.
Worth buying
The little monkey is cute, and the discounts on Amazon are really generous. Zhoushen.com directly ships the products, and I placed an order last night and received it this afternoon, which is really fast.
The postal and delivery workers are also responsible.
Bravo!
A customer's confession
When you receive such substandard products, Amazon customer service tells you not to worry, and we will contact you within 54 hours.
2 Then in the middle you contact the customer service representative, who will tell you that this issue will be handled by a specialist, who will inform you of the outcome.
You can never get in touch with this commissioner on your own initiative, you don't know her extension number, and there is no direct dial phone number, so you can't get in touch with her, only she can get in touch with you.
Tragically, after waiting nearly three days, the commissioner contacted me and my phone was off when I received the call from the commissioner.
I waited for two hours for the commissioner's call, during which I contacted Amazon customer service on my own initiative and emailed the customer service to ask her to call me back.
It has been nearly three days, and I still don't know what Amazon will do about the coffee maker that I received as a substandard product!
There is no problem with the products sold by Amazon in the US. This kind of shopping method is good for overseas purchases, but the service provided by Meiyou is far inferior.
For me, I can only continue to wait...
The bottom is uneven.
Because the review said it was good, and everyone was looking forward to this pot, and when I got it, I really liked it, it was lightweight, but when I started using it, I found a problem, the bottom of the pot was not flat, it was raised in the middle and sunken around the edges, the oil ran to the edges, and I specifically bought this pot to make a large piece of fatty meat to fry, but the oil couldn't cover the central area, so I was disappointed, I couldn't use it, and I guess this structure can't be used to cook food normally.
I don't know if I was just unlucky, but I just got a pot with a bottom that was not flat. Fortunately, Amazon provides a one-month return policy, so I decided to return it.
I cleaned the pot thoroughly and put it away, having wasted half a day.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve it.
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The shape of the cube is designed with a slight arch on the top.
It should have been a very fluid line.
Unfortunately, the final result was not achieved.
Because there are two parts at the top, the front is the control panel and the back is the water tank cover.
The curvature of the top cover and the control panel were not consistent, resulting in a height difference of up to 2 mm after assembly.
Although it looks like a very small gap.
But it can be said to have destroyed the entire design.
I feel a bit sorry for the product designer.
It seems that Midea’s product managers are not yet capable of creating products of this caliber.
(Of course, I can't expect too much from the after-sales lady, but when I heard her say that all the individual products were like this, and it wasn't just the one I bought that had a problem, her incredulity and guilty attitude made me realize that I can't expect too much from beauty products either) 2019-7-7 The pump failed and the water flow was low. It has been repaired for the second time. It broke again two weeks after the first repair.
It's a good deal after the discount, but it's sad to see the fake discounts on Amazon
It is very insulated and can be purchased one week after the baby is born.
You can't feel any heat on the outside of the teapot, which means it won't burn you and also effectively prevents the temperature from escaping.
The air conditioning in the room can still maintain a high temperature after a whole night.
Amazon said that the 320th anniversary event had a huge discount, but later found out that everyone had it for $249, $289, or $299. I felt cheated for a moment, but when I compared it with other brands at the same price level at the supermarket, I found that it was still cheaper. From now on, I can bring it with me when I go out.
Vitamix 6300
I had been waiting for a long time, and when I saw that Meituan 6300 was on sale, and that it was the same price as Cainiao Global, I quickly placed my order.
I placed an order on September 2 and it was expected to arrive on September 21. However, it arrived on September 12, which was about 10 days earlier than expected. The speed is really fast!
The packaging is small, and it comes directly from the original Vitamix packaging. Amazon doesn't mind if it gets damaged during shipping across the ocean!
The machine looks new and comes with all the necessary accessories. The only problem is that the cup wobbles on the base, and I'm afraid it might fly out when I turn it on!
I asked a friend who has 5200, and it seems to be less tight than mine.
The accompanying recipe is in English, which is quite tiring to read, and I couldn't find a Chinese version online, which is a pain!
After receiving the goods, I immediately bought an inverter. It should arrive in 3 days, so I'll have time to play around with it!
It's too small, there's no umbrella cover, and the material is mediocre.
It's not even a large size!
The second Totes is: 1. It doesn't have a carrying case. 2. The material of the handle is average. 3. It says "Large," but it's actually a compact umbrella for one person. I guess two people can use it, but it's probably not very comfortable.
On the other hand, the one I bought from Meituan can be used by three people without any pressure.
I'm not feeling well.
First of all, the box is not very sturdy and deforms when you press on it; secondly, the design on the back does not prevent the ABS scratches on the box from appearing when it is laid flat; thirdly, the box is just a piece of cloth wrapped around a hanger, and the hanger is prominent inside the box... and so on, there are many things that are not satisfactory. Finally, the strap is a bit difficult to use.
PS: The wheels do feel pretty good.
It is also possible.
Pros: This shoulder bag is quite stylish and looks durable.
The disadvantages are that the QR code on the card cannot be scanned (what's going on?), and the 15.6-inch laptop cannot be put in (is it possible to make it a little longer?), and the double shoulder bag has a locking mechanism, but no lock is provided for the buyer, which is not what you would call service with a smile.
Overall, it's okay, I don't know if it's genuine leather
The overall feel is okay, but I don't know if it's genuine leather, so I can't really comment on it.
It can hold A4-sized documents, and has held 80-page thick, box-shaped objects that are not too thick or too hard (they cannot be deformed).
The package is soft, and the inner bag is divided in a more humanized way, which is quite good.
It's just that there's a small pit on the bottom of the one I got, so I don't know if it's because my character is bad or what.
I was too lazy to go back and forth to exchange the goods, so I put up with it.
Overall, it's worth four stars.
ForRoyal is popular all over the world. Camera straps. SLR straps
This strap is designed to be scientific, worn on both shoulders, practical, and the camera is fixed and protected in front with soft material, unlike other quick-shooters that use screws to fix the bottom of the camera and damage the camera when taking it off.
Garbage after-sales service
I bought a guitar a month and a half ago, and it is missing a part. After notifying Amazon, they gave me a customer service phone number. After multiple communications, the part still hasn't arrived. What kind of efficiency is this?
It is estimated that after-sales service will be more troublesome if there is a problem, so I hope that friends who are good at after-sales service will take a detour; it is too troublesome!
It has minor flaws, but the sound is good.
The soundboard has a defect, it lacks a corner, and it feels like a substandard product. There are no gifts, but for this price it's not bad, and the sound is good.
Okay, first menu
It's been used for a long time, and it's pretty good overall, except for the fact that the bass doesn't come out.
The workmanship is not as perfect as I imagined.
The first time I bought it, the product had problems, and all the lights were flashing and not working.
I asked for an exchange, but the goods still haven't arrived three days after they were delivered to Shanghai.
I also called the delivery person, but they didn't answer.
The courier company said that they only had that contact information.
Amazon can't find where to complain.
I received a message like this without any request, and for no apparent reason, they delayed the delivery of my order when I was already late for it.
Then it goes on to talk about transit issues.
In any case, the terrible shopping experience made me start to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics and control systems.
I don't think I'll get it today either.
The adhesive is too weak and the label is not waterproof.
Although the Bluetooth connection is convenient, the content printed is not waterproof and the surface is not coated; the labels are also of poor adhesive strength and are not suitable for cable labels at all; they are very easy to fall off, so friends who buy them to organize cables need to pay attention.
The pen is fine, but the packaging is very basic - just a cardboard box with no protection measures. The box the pen is in is sealed with a large piece of transparent tape, and the tape is still stuck to the box after being torn off.
Treating a 600 yuan item like this is disappointing. It was a poor shopping experience.
However, the pen is not a problem.
I hope they improve the packaging in the future!
In terms of quality, if we talk about writing, 925-25 is better.
First, let me praise the excellent service of TNT, air shipment, super fast, and the service attitude is also good!
I have been using 925-25 and it is great. I just received 925-85 and the quality is excellent. The style is also very beautiful. I gave it four stars because the pen is a bit heavy and not suitable for fast writing. The pen cap shakes a bit when adjusting the length of the lead, but in my opinion, 925-25 is more comfortable to use than 85.
So I became an Amazon loyalist.
I bought it at a super discounted price, but my child didn't like the pen.
It was already opened, but I tried to apply for a refund, and they even offered to pick it up for free.
It's amazing.
We do not advocate returning products, but this is a service that is unique to us in China.
I hope it is not abused.
After that, I bought all my books here.
The headphones have a distortion and noise
These headphones are truly garbage. I don't know if it's my ears that are the problem, or if these headphones really aren't as good as they used to be.
I bought a blue one two years ago on JD.com, and the sound quality is pretty good, with no noise and good bass. I've been using it for more than two years and it's broken now, so I'm planning to buy another one (UrBeats). After all, I think it's pretty good.
I looked at another purple one and it looked nice, but when I opened it today, I felt something was wrong. It was both loud and quiet at the same time.
At first, I thought it was because of the sound effect of the song, but after listening for half a day, I found that the problem was very serious. Not only was the sound distorted, but the bass effect was not as good as before, and there were some noise as well. Is it just my purple one that has this problem, or is the current manufacturing process for headphones really not good?
A pretty poor review, I'm disappointed.
I definitely have to return it tomorrow during the day.
PS looks good
This AV amplifier is complicated to set up, has a rough exterior, and generates a lot of heat.
I will have to wait a while before I can review the sound!
On August 14, I just got the German version of the DN1080. It looks poorly made.
1. The front panel and the knobs are all made of plastic.
The back panel audio input jack and the speaker output terminals are of poor quality. Any 1000-2000 yuan CD amplifier unit is much better than this one.
3. The top cover is quite thin, and it has even sunk in on my transformer, so I had to open the box and use my hands to fix it, and the top cover and front panel became loose.
4. The center of gravity of the whole machine is tilted towards the transformer end, and it is awkward to move.
It feels like a SONY entry-level machine, in terms of workmanship, made in Malaysia.
I feel that Sony is much better at outsourcing production to China than Little Horse.
5. The machine gets very hot. When watching a movie on the two-channel set for about two hours, the top cover feels about 40-50°C when touched with your hand. I don't know if the transformer is too large and generates a lot of heat.
Nowadays, most people use switching power supplies, and this stupid transformer probably weighs 4 kg.
Sony should have used a passive heat sink in the machine, but all I see after opening the box is a large aluminum plate heat sink on the pipes.
Xiao Gui
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise that integrates R&D design, processing and production, and marketing trade. It mainly produces men's outdoor leisure clothing and is a young enterprise that is booming.
FANDUN JEEP clothing emphasizes the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, introduces international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and builds a first-class garment production line in China.
To maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and services, quality and brand, profitability and public welfare.
In terms of information construction, efforts were made to improve the speed and efficiency of the product flow, logistics flow, and information flow of enterprises, thereby strengthening and improving the comprehensive management capabilities of enterprises and improving the overall modern management level of enterprises.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of "sincerity, harmony, quality, excellence," and its products are popular among a wide range of customers in the domestic market.
The Van Gogh Gip dress, because it is young and confident!
We sincerely welcome customers from both at home and abroad to come and cooperate with us to create brilliant achievements!
Enterprise spirit: proactive and innovative, service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication, enterprise mission: leading the trend, building the brand.
I haven't opened it yet.
The battery is in use.
I really want to dissect it and see what's inside its belly.
Later, I thought that if I was disappointed after taking it apart, it would be a waste of money; if I was satisfied after taking it apart, it would be difficult to put it back together and I would not enjoy using it.
Okay, even if Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed explanation of the battery, most people would feel anxious if they read it.
I'm fine. I used to work in a cell phone factory, so I'm half a battery engineer, and I can handle it, except for not understanding circuits.
Delighted.
I really had no idea what I was buying until I opened the package and felt that it was genuine!
Finally, when I touched the earphone wire, I felt it was very flexible, and the quality was so good that I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and open QQ Music.
I was shocked, the sound quality was 3D surround!
I asked in a physical communication store, and it was around 30 yuan, but it was not a brand name product, but a generic one, so I would say that although the price of this Pingsheng product is 27 yuan, it is definitely worth having because of its value for money!
The worst online shopping experience
After placing an order on September 28, the system showed that the order had been shipped, but the package was never received, even after waiting until October 12.
I queried the status of my Amazon order, but the seller didn't provide a tracking number, so I couldn't find out where the order was.
So I emailed the seller to ask if they could provide the tracking number, but I never received a reply after two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service, and the customer service representative gave me the seller's phone number. I called the seller again, and after a few attempts, the call went through. I was informed that the package was lost and that a new one could be sent to me immediately.
Although I was particularly angry, I didn't say much to the seller because I needed the computer urgently. I just asked him to send it to me right away.
The next day, I called to ask if the shipment had been sent.
The seller said it hasn't shipped yet and won't be shipped until this afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon and the seller said it would be sent, but it wouldn't be sent until after 5 or 6 pm. Later that night, at 7 pm, I called again, but nobody answered the phone.
The third morning, I called again and asked if the goods had been shipped.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it hasn't been sent, and told me to order from another store if I was in a hurry, or wait until the afternoon if I could wait.
There's no way around it; it'll be a long wait to order from someone else.
I can only ask the seller to send the package as soon as possible.
After countless phone follow-ups, I finally received my computer on October 16.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because I bought it for someone else, so I'll add a review later.
I bought it half a year ago and have only used it a few times. Now it's malfunctioning. Can you repair it?
Because I have a desktop computer, and I haven't used it much since I bought it.
I only take it out of my suitcase when I'm on a business trip.
Recently, when I plugged in the power supply, the device did not charge. I had to support the charger and the cable with my hands on the left and right to get it to charge.
I suspect that the interface is not properly connected. Can you repair it now?
It is strongly recommended that Amazon stop using EMS!
The product is five stars, the logistics is one star, and the average is three stars.
I don't understand why Amazon would send EMS, which is not trusted by the industry; well, computers are valuable items after all!
The order after purchase showed that it was expected to arrive on the 20th, so my family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send a package from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
On the 22nd morning, the package was finally delivered to Fuzhou. I was ready to receive it with a smile, but in the evening, I found out that the package had been signed for at noon, without any phone call or text message, and it was even signed for by myself!
I was shocked at the moment!
Who am I? Where am I? Is this computer really mine?
I seriously doubt life now!
I finally ran to a collection point to get my computer back.
The specific reason is simple: the delivery person mixed up the two order numbers. Fortunately, the package wasn't lost, so it's all good.
I strongly suggest that Amazon should not use EMS anymore. If Amazon uses EMS for its express delivery in the future, I will definitely not buy from them again.
The goods are not bad.
First of all, I bought it a few days ago and found that it was reduced in price, and I left a bad review. The product is still not bad, and it has a high cost performance. The CPU and graphics card are enough to handle mainstream online games and a considerable number of large single-player games. The heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a little dim (a common problem with IPS screens), the sound quality is not very good, and the hard drive is not good (it is recommended to spend some money and add a solid-state drive). I took the computer to the after-sales service center for hardware testing yesterday, and there were no problems. The built-in Windows 8.1 is not very good, and it is recommended to upgrade to 10. The seller sent the package very quickly, and also replied to all my inquiries very quickly. I received the invoice the day after I received the computer. It is good, but it is a pity that there were no gifts.
(By the way, if you want to buy keyboard skins, don't go to a place called E Cool Digital Center on Taobao. The delivery is slow, the quality is poor, and if there is a problem with the product, they won't refund or replace it. The boss even swore at me. I'm exposing this place specifically.)
The products are good, but the platform is still bureaucratic.
The hard drive is of very good quality and has an excellent price-to-performance ratio. It is cheaper than buying one in Hong Kong, and if you don't need it right away and can tolerate the shipping, I would definitely recommend buying it.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same as it was several years ago when I swore I would never use it again. You can never find out the actual status of your shipment, and you will always receive your package several weeks later. You can never complain, and that’s just how bureaucratic it is!
The goods have been received a few days ago, but the logistics information still says you will receive the goods in 10 days!
Logistics is not selfish
It came like this, not only was the packaging crushed, but the electrical packaging was open, and I don't know if the contents were tampered with.
FYI
I haven't tried it yet, but I always trust Philips, and I hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
I searched online, and it seems that water damage is a common problem, and it is not covered by the warranty.
I'm sad!
Now I'll wrap it in plastic wrap and continue to use it. I don't know how long it will last.
Bought from someone who has already taken it apart.
It is indeed quite expensive to pay more than 100 yuan in tax for a machine that costs more than 300 yuan. Now, I feel more at ease about it.
When I received it, the seal looked like it had been opened, like it had been taken apart. I took a photo right away, and sure enough, it was open. After opening it, the paperboard inside was damaged. I was worried that it was returned by someone else, so I tried it out on my husband before the anniversary. Fortunately, the machine didn't turn on at all, and it was lucky that there was no debris in the blade, otherwise I would have had to return it from a long distance!
It is not known whether it is good to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term; as with the previous reviews, the stuff sent out when there is a shortage is not reliable!
Experience level is slightly above average.
It's pretty much top-of-the-line electric, with a lot of different brushing modes, but not many people change modes every day.
I used it for half a year without any problems. I brushed it every day, and I charged it once every 1.5 weeks.
The brush heads are also cheaper on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use. Except for changing the colors, the other issues that seem to be compatible are due to the overseas version?
Those who want to learn the Great Law.
It is very cost-effective.
I have used it 3-4 times already.
1. The packaging is in good condition.
2. It is very easy to use and convenient to clean.
3. You can do your own hair styling, which saves money.
Overall, a very successful purchase.
There are counterfeit products.
Last time I bought two packs, and it turned out to be two different versions. The words in the lower left corner of the packaging were green, but one of them was not, and the words were white. The cat got sick after eating it.
I am not sure if the products on Amazon are fake or if the employees lost the products when they were being shipped.
I will buy it again, but if it is a fake, I will hold you responsible.
It's a crossbar!
The product was shown with a hyphen on Amazon, but when it was sent to me, it was sent with a horizontal line. Isn't this cheating?
The effect is okay.
The most important thing is that Kitty likes to eat.
It really works.
Tight, narrow, and with a lot of pressure on the ankles and the back of the feet.
Not recommended.
1. The UN is Clarks' most comfortable series, but unfortunately this one is too bad.
Additional information: Today, I compared the UN series insoles (I kept the insoles while throwing away the shoes) with the previous ones, and the materials are much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before, but they are still fake soft.
2. My heels are not very high, and the point where I kick is about 3 inches forward from the highest point of my heels.
I bought three pairs of Clarks overseas, but only one pair fits.
I was so scared that I deleted all the music in my playlist.
I'll try rockport again, but if it doesn't work, I'll just have to go to an Ecco physical store.
Second-best is good enough, and quality control is not good
First of all, it is worth mentioning that Prime International Shopping is very good at delivering, and I received my package on the 6th, which was shipped on the 31st.
The shoes are much nicer than the picture shows, and the leather feels great.
The shoe size is slightly larger, 25 is 10.5 wide and 7.5 long, and it is a little loose when worn, but I usually like to wear slightly loose shoes, and I put in a pair of insoles that fit just right.
Secondly, the shoe reviewer really can’t give a compliment. One shoe sole has a damaged adhesive, while the other shoe has various scratches and pinholes, and the adhesive strip at the connection point between the shoe upper and sole is misaligned, which is blatant shoddy work!
I regret it a little!
You can get a Arthur's for this price if you buy it from an event, which is a pretty good deal. Of course, you can find it at an even lower price if you read the reviews.
Now let's talk about the shoes. The pros: the shoes are light, running in them is comfortable, and they fit well and won't fall apart.
It looks great, but the flaws are also obvious: I usually wear a size 40, but I bought a 40.5 this time, and there is about the width of a thumb at the front of the shoe when I put it on, but that doesn't matter.
These shoes are very "narrow," although there is still some space in front, but they feel tight.
There is one more thing, the shoes are not breathable, and I feel like my feet are hot.
Heel spur
First of all, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are standard size, I wear size uk7.5 for running shoes, eu41.5 for casual shoes, and uk6.5 for Amazon’s Echo, and I have never had a problem with them fitting me. However, I bought these shoes based on the reviews, and they are size uk7, which is one size larger than I usually wear. After putting them on, I found that they are noticeably longer than my usual size, but the extra length is made up for by the thick insoles, which press down on the back of my foot really hard. Additionally, these shoes are very stiff, which makes it very uncomfortable to wear them.
If your feet are not particularly thin, I would not recommend buying this product.
If you must buy it, you can solve the problem by changing the insoles, but the original insoles look very high-end, so it's a shame not to use them.
A very perfect shopping experience!
I am very satisfied and love it very much. There is no doubt that the products from Amazon Global Sourcing are genuine. The quality is also very good, and the price is reasonable. I feel at ease when I buy it. The after-sales service is very thoughtful, and the customer service staff are very friendly and kind. They are patient and efficient in solving problems. They have perfectly solved my worries. The delivery is very convenient and reliable. The delivery person is very thoughtful and will remind customers to pick up their orders from the delivery box in a timely manner. Thank you, Amazon, for providing such a comfortable shopping experience for customers.
In short, we all like shopping on Amazon Global!
Absolutely negative review!
It is truly ridiculous to think of this agency and Amazon.
In the future, be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon.
Although it has been a long time, I still have to come and complain.
I bought it on sale during the winter for less than 200 yuan, and I haven't used it in my home for a few months.
When I wanted to use it in the spring, I found that it couldn't connect to the watch, and the manuals of both devices indicate that they support each other. Later, I found out that it was a problem with the heart rate monitor, because I tried to connect it to another device, but it still didn't work.
I called Amazon and asked them to contact the agent company, which then told me to pay for the shipping and send the device to Shanghai for testing.
After almost half a month, the items were sent back to me in their original condition, including the shipping box I had used when I sent them!
No response and acknowledgement, and no test reports!
At least tell me whether it's good or bad!
I called to ask, and they said that sending it back in this way indicated that the device was fine, which is good.
But I still can't connect, and the agency responds: It's not their problem.
I'm unlucky to have to deal with you for a measly 200 yuan.
There is a serious mismatch between supply and demand.
It's a case of the wrong product at the wrong time.
The headband material is of good quality.
It's much better than Nike.
It is also very breathable.
Just the hat in front.
Very fine.
Are you trying to be funny?!
It doesn't block out the sun at all.
I didn't return it because the headband function is good.
It is worn on the head and does not block the sun.
But it is different from other headband styles.
Save it for later.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks a sense of contract, and the delivery person is good.
I require delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's rules do not allow for deliveries on Saturdays or Sundays.
I was so annoyed that I drove 200 km from the countryside to come and pick it up!
Amazon, how can I love you more?
The delivery person was very proactive and friendly.
Give it a thumbs up!
The goods, I tried them out and they are not bad.
But I have never bought similar products before, so I can't compare prices!
Size and logistics
The workmanship is good, but the logistics are too slow. Previously, all the shoes were delivered by DHL. This time, Apex was... I have bought a lot of UA in China, and the prices are not low. I feel that the quality is higher than NIKE and ADIDAS?
They are all the same, so I buy them online.
Size: I am 176cm tall and weigh 68kg. My shoulders are usually 180cm wide, and I bought a size M. The hem is slightly long. Everything else fits perfectly. I see that there are recommendations for S size. Is the person's figure so slim that they prefer S? I think a looser-fitting sweater would be better.
Just the right size.
Chest size: 99 inches, height: 184 cm, weight: 84 kg. Before making the purchase, the customer consulted customer service and was told to buy XL. After reading the reviews, the customer decided to buy L, and was satisfied with the size when the package arrived.
The prices of Double 11 are much higher than those of Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The problem with cheap goods is troublesome!
The package arrived on the 25th, 18 days after the order was placed, which is the speed of snails from Guangzhou to Beijing!
I bought the Z affordable product, and the description informed me that there were scratches on it, but when I received the goods, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!
The child didn't want to return the item, thinking it wasn't a big deal, but the accessory is a small part, and the child's grandpa couldn't find it in any of the hardware stores nearby!
Finally, Grandpa stuck it on!
It looks like I can't buy Z real bargains anymore!
The toy is of poor quality.
Most of the screw holes were not aligned, and it was difficult to screw on the screws, indicating poor workmanship. It was unclear how long it would last, as it was a promise made to a child, so it could not be returned.
Other reviews say it was easy to install, so is it just my one that has a problem?
Very average.
Is it just bad luck for me?
The packaging is outdated; the workmanship is poor; there is only one type of music, and it is only 8 seconds long and then repeats; the action is just nodding your head and walking forward on your own, with no changes.
Not worth the price.
If you need it urgently, you can't return it.
The toy is of good quality, but I have a few complaints about the packaging.
I received a package delivered by EMS yesterday, which was bought from Amazon. It was finally delivered by the courier of Tmall. How many twists and turns did it go through? Is the relationship between Amazon and Tmall still good?
As for the packaging, it was wrapped in several layers of cling film, and there was no plastic packaging foam inside. When I opened it, all the parts were placed in an empty box. Fortunately, the toy quality was good, and there were no broken parts. However, it was much smaller than I had imagined, because it was not battery-operated. It often derailed when pushed by hand, and I felt that the gap between the tracks on both sides was too large, and the design was not reasonable.
Good quality, fun
It's a lot of fun, the components are very precise, the workmanship is exquisite, and the quality is almost the same as Lego. The price is very reasonable for events.
The process of assembling it was quite interesting, and my 5-year-old son came to play with me, and it was great.
He laughed so hard that he will probably continue to buy toys of this brand in the future.
The laptop is new, and the shopping from overseas was good.
I watched it for Christmas, and it was 150 yuan more expensive than I had previously bought it for, but it is taking a bit longer to ship now.
The machines are pretty good, they are all new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then if you connect the spirit balls, you will receive a dream.
It's fun to play, and it's more portable than a PS4.
I have already bought Zelda, and I will try it again after playing it.
Producing bad products, selling bad products, and as a result, providing bad services. I bought six watches for my children, and one of the digital displays was not completely accurate. The time on all six watches was inconsistent, differing by a dozen or so hours.
I contacted the manufacturer and asked if there was a verification time for the watches when they were put into storage. They replied that there was. If there was, then why was there such a big difference in time? It was obvious that the watches were not accurate and were simply counterfeit products. It wasn't my fault. Look, there were obvious quality problems (incomplete digital display) that were being sold. Were they junk.
I contacted the seller, who gave me a long list of reasons, and also complained that I shouldn't have bought their product in the first place. A product like this, a seller like this, and such after-sales service. Who would dare to buy anything on Amazon again in the future.
In short, I recommend not to buy anything from this seller, and even if you do, it will be junk.
Amazon shipping problems
After receiving the goods, an inspection revealed:
1. The table packaging is severely damaged.
2. The table instructions have serious wrinkles.
3. The clock does not have a battery and cannot be charged, and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only ship it to the United States at your own expense, and you will be reimbursed for the shipping fee.
5. The reason for a score of 2 is that the customer service is still good.
I can only say it's tolerable.
The time is not very accurate, about a second fast per day, and it has been almost two and a half months since I started using it.
I used to have a Seatlelte watch and it didn't lose a few seconds in a year or two.
The perpetual calendar function is quite good, but the stopwatch function is a bit useless and you will rarely accidentally enter the stopwatch mode.
Solar-powered watch
Advantages: solar charging, no need to worry about replacing batteries, world time, multiple alarm sounds and reminders at the hour.
The downside: mirrors are easy to scratch and get dusty.
Value for money: domestic prices are generally between 220 and 300 yuan, and overseas purchases cost more than 180 yuan (delivery takes about a week).
Very satisfied with the watch
It must be authentic, as I checked it at the specialty store. The appearance of the watch is beautiful, and it is well-made and of good quality. It is also an imported mechanical movement, so it is quite substantial. It is not something that so-called mechanical watches priced at three or four hundred yuan can match. This is a genuine product.
The watch is very accurate in terms of timing, and the error is completely within acceptable limits. The watch comes with a certificate of authenticity for the jewelry, and the 12 on the dial is indeed a real diamond. It's perfect for me to wear, and it's also a great gift to give.
The Benlyu table is indeed good.
The worst shopping experience ever.
On the evening of September 23, my wife dropped her phone, and I immediately ordered an 8P from Amazon Malaysia. The product was in stock, but it was not self-sold and there was no markup (I was secretly happy), and because it was not self-sold, the delivery was slower. The system showed that the estimated delivery date was September 27 at the latest.
My wife, who couldn't stand it without a phone, called me early in the morning at around 6:30 the next day, asking me to think of a solution. Later, when I checked JD.com, I saw that there were 256G models in stock that could be delivered the same day. I had no choice but to order another one right away.
I bought a new one, and immediately thought about canceling the Amazon order.
Because the order was placed in the middle of the night, it was impossible to pick up the package in the morning, so at around 7:00 a.m., I called customer service to request cancellation of the order. The customer service representative replied that the order had been canceled and that I should wait for a text message to confirm.
Okay, I'll just wait patiently. When I checked my phone at noon, the order was still in the unshipped status. I immediately contacted customer service to request that they cancel the order as soon as possible. The customer service representative replied that the operation was already OK.
I checked my phone at 3 pm and saw that the order was still there. I had no choice but to contact customer service again to clearly inform them that I had called three times, and asked them to cancel the order and inform the seller that they must not ship the item!
The customer service representative contacted the seller immediately after I asked, and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system and that I would have to wait until the seller was familiar with the system before the cancellation of the order could be processed.
But I was clearly told by the seller that they knew about it and that they would definitely not ship the item, so please don't worry.
I checked the order status on Monday and found that it had already been shipped, leaving me speechless.
Unable to contact the seller directly, I had to call customer service again.
The handling afterwards was simply unbelievable; basically, I would say something, and the customer service representative would then do something in response.
The order is still in the rejected state, and we are preparing to send it again!
Won't Amazon proactively follow up?
The seller's company received the money anyway, so it doesn't matter if they don't follow up.
In the future, I will definitely not prepay for large items. This is too much trouble.
It looks beautiful.
I had my eye on this camera for a long time, but I didn't buy it because of some other reasons besides the price. This time, I bought it because it was included in the free shipping package, and the price was still reasonable.
After I bought it, I didn't have any problems with the rest of the items, but when I tried to connect the software, I couldn't connect to the Internet. My router is a TP router, and after searching online, I found that many people had this problem. I spent more than two hours changing the settings on the router, and finally, I was able to connect to the Internet using 360WIFI as a medium. During this time, I called Xiaomi customer service, but they didn't have any solutions to this problem. They directly told me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another thing worth noting is that I saw users' comments online saying that the camera supports memory cards with a minimum capacity of 8G, and memory cards with smaller capacities cannot be recognized, so please be aware of this.
It's not bad to use, and the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor, and the machine has a certain degree of heat, and if it is turned on all the time, the heat level is a bit hard to accept.
In summary, this product has many shortcomings, so please be careful when you buy it.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought this for my first love, and we were together for almost 3 years. He left me last year, and I still miss him.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought it for my first love in life, but I don’t know how much I will use it anymore, maybe I’ll just throw it away!
We had been together for almost 3 years, and she left me last year. Whenever I think of her now, I feel so sad that I want to leave this world. The first woman in my life, who cast a shadow and caused me pain for the rest of my life, and I still haven't been able to get over it.
When I bought this phone, I thought about two things that I felt at the time, that we could bear it together, but now it is unbearable to look back. Maybe life is like this. Some people never want to meet some people in their lifetime, and some things are things that they never want to know about in their lifetime. But what can be done?
How many times have I seen a Samsung phone and thought of her? The pain that comes with it is unbearable. I have never spent more than 2,000 yuan on a phone, but when I bought one for her, I didn't hesitate. No matter how much you love someone, if they change their mind, all the promises and vows in the world won't mean anything.
High-quality products among domestic brands
Huawei is a premium product among domestic products.
The low-key CEO and the enterprise rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business trend of relying on advertising to increase brand awareness!
Enterprises without strength are absolutely not able to do this, and they also dare not do this!
It is precisely because of this that I chose Huawei.
I bought it more than half a year ago and it has been working great, it's really good.
I didn't give it a perfect score because once, when I was using its offline navigation, it had a positioning problem, and I couldn't find the cause. It worked fine the rest of the time.
Moreover, its online input is great for finding destinations, and after searching, it automatically designs a route. When you leave Wi-Fi and start navigating offline, its function of automatically navigating offline is very useful. You don’t need to use your data plan, and it directly communicates with satellites to locate and navigate, which is great!
Sony is great.
Sony's low-end phone still has a great design, and it's cheap, with a large screen and excellent battery life, making it perfect for the elderly.
Although a long time has passed, this machine still works perfectly.
However, since my Z2 was downgraded, this phone has also fulfilled its mission.
