"We now have 4-month-old mice that had diabetes and now don't have it anymore," he added.
Dr. Ehud Ur, a professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chair of the Canadian Diabetes Association's clinical and scientific affairs department, cautioned that the research is still in its infancy.
Like some other experts, he was skeptical that it would be possible to cure diabetes, and noted that the findings would not apply to people already suffering from type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy's Nobel Committee, announced on a radio program on Sveriges Radio in Sweden that the committee had stopped its efforts to inform Bob Dylan about his award of the Nobel Prize in Literature for literature, after it was not possible to reach him personally.
Danius said: "At the moment we are not doing anything. I have called his closest collaborator and sent him emails and received very friendly answers. That is enough for the time being."
Ring CEO Jamie Siminoff once said he founded the company after he couldn't hear his doorbell from his garage workshop.
He said he had built a Wi-Fi doorbell.
Siminoff said sales surged after he appeared on an episode of "Shark Tank" in 2013, even though the show's judges turned down funding for his start-up.
At the end of 2017, Siminoff appeared on the QVC shopping channel.
Ring has also settled a lawsuit with rival security company ADT Corporation.
While an experimental vaccine appears to be able to reduce Ebola mortality, there are currently no drugs that have been proven to be clearly suitable for treating existing infections.
An antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially looked promising, but formal studies showed it had less benefit than hoped in preventing deaths.
In the PALM trial, ZMapp served as a control, meaning that the scientists used it as a baseline and compared the three other treatments to it.
USA Gymnastics supports the United States Olympic Committee's letter and accepts its absolute necessity to advocate for a safe environment for all of our athletes.
We agree with the USOC that the best interests of our athletes, clubs and sport are served by making meaningful changes within our organization rather than decertification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that could shed light on how abuse on the scale described so bravely by the survivors of Larry Nassar could go undetected for so long, and welcomes all necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal - to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible for athletes so they can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and empowering environment.
During the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as an advisor for John F. Kennedy and later for the government around Lyndon B. Johnson.
During the 1976 election, he advised Carter on foreign policy and then served as national security adviser (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
As national security adviser, he supported Carter in the diplomatic handling of world affairs such as the 1978 Camp David Accords, the normalization of relations between the U.S. and China in the late 1970s, the Iranian Revolution that led to the Iran hostage crisis in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The film starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has received nominations in all the main categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated as best actor and best actress.
There are further nominations for example for the best film, the direction, the camera work, the costume design, the editing, the original film music, the production design, the sound editing, the sound mixing and the original screenplay.
Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for best original song, and Lionsgate received 26 nominations, more than any other film studio.
Late on Sunday, US President Donald Trump announced in a statement read out by his press secretary that US troops would be leaving Syria.
The announcement came after a telephone call from Trump with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey would carry out the surveillance of captured ISIS fighters, whose repatriation, the statement said, was rejected by European countries.
This not only confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory that is already widely accepted, but also provides details that fossils generally cannot provide, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
Scientists say that the feathers of this animal were chestnut-brown on the upper side and light or carotenoid-colored on the underside.
The find also provides insights into the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because dinosaur feathers lack a well-developed shaft, called the rachis, but do have other feather features - barbs and barbules - the researchers concluded that the rachis was likely a later evolutionary development than these other features.
The structure of the feathers suggests they were used for temperature regulation or display, rather than flight, and the researchers speculated that the sample, although from the tail of a young dinosaur, showed the plumage of an adult, not the down of a chick.
The researchers claimed that, although this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows the plumage of an adult and not a juvenile.
A car bomb detonated in the morning of the previous day in the police headquarters of the Turkish Gaziantep, killing two policemen and injuring over twenty other people.
According to the Governor's office, 19 of the injured are police officers.
Police said they suspected a Daesh (ISIL) militant was behind the attack.
They found that the sun operates on the same basic principles as other stars: It turns out that the activity of all stars in the system is driven by their luminosity, rotation and nothing else.
To determine a star's Rossby number, which is related to the plasma flow, luminosity and rotation are combined.
The smaller the Rossby number, the less active the star is in terms of reversals of the magnetic field.
During the journey, Iwasaki got into trouble on many occasions.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, escaped a marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on the frequencies of 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz.
This allows it to be backward compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b, and 802.11g, provided the base station has dual radio.
The speed of 802.11n is significantly faster than that of its predecessors, which had a maximum theoretical throughput of 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, married with two grown children, did not make a big impression on Miller, who was told the story.
When asked for a comment, Miller said, "Mike talks a lot during the hearing... I was preparing and couldn't really hear what he was saying."
"We will endeavor to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 compared with the level of 2005," Hu said.
He did not give a figure for the cuts, but said they would be based on China's economic performance.
Hu encouraged developing countries to "avoid the old way of first polluting and then cleaning up,"
He added that "they should not be asked to undertake commitments beyond their level of development, responsibility and capacity."
The Iraq Study Group presented its report today at 12:00 GMT.
He warns that no one can guarantee that any course of action in Iraq at this point will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence or a slide into chaos.
The report begins by calling for an open debate and consensus-building in the US on a strategy for the Middle East.
The report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the executive's current policy on Iraq and calls for an immediate change of direction.
The first of the 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be launched before the end of this year to secure Iraq's borders against hostile intervention and to restore diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
The current senator and Argentine first lady, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, announced her candidacy for president last night in La Plata, a city 30 miles from Buenos Aires.
Mrs Kirchner announced her intention to run for president at the Argentine Theatre, where she also began her 2005 campaign for the Senate as a member of the Buenos Aires province delegation.
The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on hurricane relief and reconstruction in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, which some fiscal conservatives have jokingly referred to as "Bush's New Orleans deal."
Liberal criticism of the reconstruction process has focused on contracts for rebuilding being awarded to supposed insiders in Washington.
More than four million people came to Rome to attend the funeral.
The number of participants was so large that not everyone was able to get access to the funeral on St. Peter's Square.
Several large television screens were set up in various locations around Rome so that people could watch the ceremony.
In many other cities in Italy and the rest of the world, especially in Poland, similar facilities have been installed, which have been seen by numerous people.
Historians have criticized the FBI's earlier policy of focusing its resources on easy cases, particularly car thefts, in an effort to boost the agency's success rate.
Congress began funding the anti-obscenity initiative in August 2005, and mandated the FBI to use 10 agents for adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa reached the highest score of the innings, 70 off 41 balls, hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid put up a good show and put up a 100-run partnership.
But after losing the captain's wicket, India managed only 36 runs and lost seven wickets, bringing the innings to an end.
US President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on the morning of November 16 and began a one-week trip through Asia.
He was greeted by Wong Kan Seng, Singapore's deputy prime minister, and spoke with Lee Hsien Loong, Singapore's prime minister, about trade and terrorism issues.
After a week of losses in the midterm elections, Bush told the audience about expanding trade in Asia.
"Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed Tuesday in the PMO after a 25-minute meeting with NDP Leader Jack Layton to send the government's Clean Air Act to a committee of all parties for review before second reading."
During the meeting with the Prime Minister, Layton had called for changes to the Conservative's environmental legislation, calling for a "thorough and complete overhaul" of the Conservative's environmental legislation.
After the federal government stepped in to fund the Mersey Community Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the state government and some MPs have criticised the move as a public relations stunt ahead of the federal election in November.
However, Prime Minister John Howard said the A$45 million package was only to keep the hospital facilities from being downgraded by the Tasmanian Government.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level measurements indicated a tsunami was generated, with clear tsunami activity recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
No significant damage or injuries were reported from Tonga, but power was out at times, which was reportedly the reason the Tongan authorities did not receive the PTWC tsunami warning.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii, which are on or near the coast, were closed all day Wednesday, even though the warnings had been lifted.
US President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
"Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge "an important step toward the goal of verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.""
The tenth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, subtropical storm Jerry, formed in the Atlantic Ocean today.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that Jerry is not a threat to land at this time.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rain could cause the already damaged levees to break.
The Ninth Ward, which was flooded up to 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is currently seeing waist-high water as the nearby levee is breached.
Water is running over the dam on a 100-foot section.
Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his disappointment with the removals when he spoke to Wikinews last month.
"He [Wales] basically lied to us from the beginning, firstly by pretending that this was for legal reasons, secondly by pretending that he was listening to us, right up to his artful deletion."
The community's discomfort led to the current effort to craft a policy on sexually explicit content for the site, which hosts millions of openly licensed media.
The work was largely theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy.
The effect the team was looking for would be caused by tidal forces between the dark matter of the galaxy and the dark matter of the Milky Way.
Just as the moon pulls on the Earth and causes tides, the Milky Way exerts a gravitational pull on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The scientists concluded that dark matter acts on other dark matter in the same way that normal matter acts on normal matter.
This theory suggests that most of the dark matter is in a kind of halo around a galaxy and is made up of many small particles.
Television reports show white smoke coming out of the plant.
Local authorities are advising residents near the plant to stay indoors, turn off air conditioning and not drink tap water.
According to Japan's nuclear authority, radioactive cesium and iodine were found at the nuclear power plant.
Authorities are speculating that this indicates containers of uranium fuel at the site may have been ripped apart and are possibly leaking.
Extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) was discovered by Dr Tony Moll in the South African region of KwaZulu-Natal.
"In an interview he said the new variant was "extremely worrying and alarming because of the very high mortality rate.""
Some patients may have picked up the bug in hospital, said Dr Moll, and at least two were healthcare workers.
Within a year, an infected person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
Still, the proportion of XDR-TB in the total TB population is apparently still low; 6,000 of the total 330,000 infected at any one time in South Africa.
The satellites, both weighing more than 1,000 pounds, collided 491 miles above Earth at an approximate speed of 17,500 mph.
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
They are still trying to figure out how extensive the collision was and how it will affect the Earth.
The United States Department of Defense Strategic Command is identifying the debris.
The results of the plot analysis are published on a public website.
A doctor who worked at a children's hospital in Pittsburgh, Pa., has been charged with aggravated murder after her dead mother was found in the trunk of her car Wednesday, Ohio authorities say.
Dr Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, apparently heavily under the influence of drugs.
She led the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
There they found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, under blood-stained blankets.
Police said the body had been there for about a day.
The first cases of the disease this season were reported at the end of July.
The disease is transmitted by pigs and then moves to humans through mosquitoes.
The outbreak of the disease prompted the Indian government to hire pig catchers in heavily affected areas, distribute thousands of mosquito nets and spray pesticides.
The government has also promised several million doses of meningitis vaccine, which will help to arm health authorities for the year ahead.
Plans for vaccines to be delivered to the hardest-hit areas this year have been delayed due to a lack of funding and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956 Słania went to Sweden, where he started working in the Swedish Post Office three years later, and he became the leading engraver there.
He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
The quality and precision of his work are so highly regarded that his name is counted among the very few generally known names in the field of philately. Some collectors are exclusively specialized in his work.
His 1000th stamp, from 2000, shows the magnificent painting "Glorious Deeds of Swedish Kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl and is recorded in the Guinness Book of Records.
He was also involved in the design of banknotes for many countries, and recent examples of his work include the portraits of prime ministers on the front of the Canadian $5 and $100 notes.
After the accident, Gibson was taken to a hospital, but he died shortly thereafter.
The lorry driver, 64, was not injured in the crash.
The vehicle itself was removed from the scene of the accident at around 12:00 GMT on the same day.
A person who worked in a workshop near the scene of the accident said: "There were children waiting to cross the road, and everyone was screaming and crying."
They all ran back from the scene of the accident.
Other agenda items in Bali include saving the world's remaining forests and sharing technology to help developing countries grow in less environmentally damaging ways.
The United Nations is also hoping to establish a fund to help countries affected by global warming cope with the effects.
The funds could be used for flood-proof housing, better water management and crop diversification.
Fluke wrote that the efforts of some to drown out the voices of women who wanted to speak about women's health were not successful.
She came to this conclusion based on the numerous positive comments and encouragement she received from both men and women who urged that contraception be considered a medical necessity.
When the fighting stopped after the injured were taken to hospital, around 40 of the remaining inmates stayed on the yard and refused to return to their cells.
Negotiators have been trying to defuse the situation but the prisoners' demands are unclear.
Between 22:00 and 11:00 MDT, the occupants set fire to the yard.
Soon after, police officers equipped with protective suits entered the premises and pushed the occupants into a corner with tear gas.
The fire department was finally able to extinguish the fire at 11:35 p.m.
After the dam was built in 1963, seasonal floods that distribute sediment in the river stopped.
This sediment was necessary to form sandbanks and beaches, which served as habitats for wildlife.
As a result, two fish species are extinct and two more are endangered, including the Gila cypha.
Officials hope the rise in water levels after the flood will be enough to restore eroded sandbars downstream, although it's only a few feet.
No tsunami warning has been issued and according to the Jakarta Geophysics Agency, there will be no tsunami warning as the earthquake did not reach the necessary magnitude of 6.5.
Although there was no tsunami threat, residents panicked and began to leave their businesses and homes.
Although Winfrey shed tears at her departure, she assured her fans that she would be back.
"This will not be a farewell. This is the end of a chapter and the beginning of a new chapter."
The final results of Namibia's presidential and parliamentary elections have indicated that incumbent President Hifikepunye Pohamba has been re-elected by a wide margin.
The ruling party, the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), retained its majority in parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan forces moved into the area to secure the site, and other coalition aircraft were sent to provide support.
The crash occurred high up in rugged terrain and is believed to have been the result of enemy fire.
Efforts to find the crash site have been hampered by bad weather and rough terrain.
The medical charity Mangola, Medecins Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organisation say this is the worst outbreak the country has seen.
"Richard Veerman, a spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, said, "Angola is heading for the worst outbreak ever, and the situation in Angola is still very bad.""
The games started at 10:00 in great weather and apart from some drizzle in the morning, which soon cleared, it was an ideal day for 7s rugby.
South Africa, the top-ranked team in the tournament, started with a comfortable 26-00 win against Zambia, the fifth-ranked team.
Although the team looked definitely rusty in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa improved steadily throughout the tournament.
Their disciplined defense, ball control and excellent teamwork marked them out and made it clear that this was the team that had to be beaten.
Officials from the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum say the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a risk to public health because it could fall at any time.
It was due to be passed on Tuesday, but was saved by an emergency court ruling.
All of the cave entrances, also known as "The Seven Sisters," are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter.
Infrared images show temperature differences between night and day, indicating that they are probably caves.
"They are colder during the day than the surrounding surface and warmer at night."
"Their thermal behavior is not as uniform as that of large caves on Earth, which often have a fairly constant temperature, but it does agree that they are deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing of the astrogeology team at the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting is traditionally a low-tech experience: Voters isolate themselves in a booth and slip a pre-printed slip of paper, bearing the name of their chosen candidate, into an envelope.
After the officials have confirmed the identity of the voter, the voter throws the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voters list.
The French electoral law sets out the procedure quite strictly.
Since 1988, ballot boxes have had to be transparent so that voters and observers can verify that no envelopes are present at the start of the vote and that no envelopes are added except those of the properly counted and authorised voters.
Candidates can send representatives to witness every part of the process, and on the evening the votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision and special procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, previously marketed worldwide on the basis of saving and functionality factors, became a hot topic at the 2007 Taipei IT Month exhibition.
But the consumer market for laptop computers will be radically changed after ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award 2007 by manager Yuan from the Republic of China.
The broadcaster's website describes the show as "old school radio theatre with a new and eerie twist!"
In its early days, the show was only shown on the veteran internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site that focuses on talk radio.
At the end of 2015, TogiNet founded the subsidiary AstroNet Radio.
The broadcast originally featured local amateur voice-over artists from East Texas.
Reports say that extensive looting continued through the night, while police officers showed no presence on the streets of Bishkek.
"According to one observer's account, Bishkek descended into a state of "anarchy" as gangs of people roamed the streets looting consumer goods stores."
Several Bishkek residents blamed the southern demonstrators for the lawlessness.
South Africa beat the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union match in the Tri-Nations tournament at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in South Africa's Rustenburg.
The final score was a win by one point, 21 to 20, which ended the All Blacks' winning streak at 15 games.
The Springboks ended a five-game losing streak.
It was the last game for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks earlier.
The tournament's final will be held next week at Johannesburg's Ellis Park Stadium, where the Springboks will face Australia.
A moderate earthquake shook western Montana at 10:08 p.m. Monday.
There were no immediate reports of damage to the United States Geological Survey (USGS) or the National Earthquake Information Center.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) northeast of Dillon and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
It has been confirmed that the deadly H5N1 bird flu virus has infected a mallard duck found dead in a marshland near Lyon in eastern France on Monday.
France is the seventh country in the European Union to be hit by the virus, following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers sued God for "widespread death, destruction and terrorization of many millions of earth inhabitants."
Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is "frivolous" and that "anyone can sue anyone."
The story, which was presented in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, is about an artist, "whose life is determined by love for drugs and Japan."
That's why the actors on stage smoke cannabis joints and the theatre itself encourages the audience to join in.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Rep. Michele Bachmann finished in fourth, fifth and sixth place, respectively.
After the results came in, Gingrich praised Santorum but had harsh words for Romney, whose campaign had run negative ads against Gingrich in Iowa.
"Perry said he would "return to Texas to evaluate the results of tonight's primary and decide if there is a path forward for me in this race," but later said he would stay in the race and participate in the South Carolina primary on Jan. 21."
Bachmann, who won the Ames straw poll in August, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was taken to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he later died.
He was reported to be in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said: "Although I was not present at or directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the victim's family."
The entertainment news website TMZ has learned that the photographer pulled over on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take photos of the police stop before crossing the street and driving away, prompting the California Highway Patrol officer conducting the traffic stop to order him to turn around and come back across the street twice.
Police say the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is unlikely to be charged.
With only 18 medals available per day, a number of countries have failed to make it onto the podium.
This includes the Netherlands, where Anna Jochemsen yesterday took ninth place in the women's super-G, and Finland with Katja Saarinen, who took tenth place in the same competition.
Australian Mitchell Gourley was 11th in the men's standing super-G, while Czech rival Oldrich Jelinek was 16th in the men's sitting super-G.
The Mexican Arly Velasquez came in fifteenth place in the men's Super-G (seated). The New Zealander Adam Hall came in ninth place in the men's Super-G (standing).
The visually impaired Polish skier Maciej Krezel and his guide Anna Ogarzynska finished in 13th place in the Super-G. Jong Seork Park from South Korea finished in 24th place in the men's Super-G.
The UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake have been blamed for the outbreak of the disease, which broke out near the troops' camp.
The suit alleges that waste from the U.N. camp was not properly cleaned up, leading to bacteria entering the Artibonite River, one of Haiti's largest.
Prior to the arrival of the troops, there had been no problems associated with the disease in Haiti since the 1800s.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has pointed to independent studies that suggest the Nepalese UN peacekeeping battalion unwittingly brought the disease to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, said the outbreak was likely caused by the blue helmets.
Hamilton confirmed that Howard University Hospital has taken in the patients in stable condition.
The patient had been in Nigeria, where some cases of the Ebola virus have occurred.
The hospital followed infection control protocols, including separating the patient from others to avoid infecting others.
Before The Simpsons, Simon worked on several shows in various capacities.
In the 1980s he worked on shows like "Taxi," "Cheers" and "The Tracey Ullman Show."
In 1989, he helped Brooks and Groening create "The Simpsons" and was responsible for hiring the show's first writing staff.
Although he left the show in 1993, he retained the title of chief executive producer and continued to receive licensing fees in the high millions each season.
Earlier, the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported the planned hijacking of an aircraft.
Later reports said the plane had received a bomb threat and was diverted to Afghanistan, where it landed in Kandahar.
Early reports say the plane was diverted back to Afghanistan after it was denied permission to land in Urumqi.
Flying is dangerous in Iran, which has an outdated fleet that is poorly maintained for both civilian and military use.
International sanctions have meant that no new planes can be bought.
Three people were killed and three others injured in a helicopter crash earlier this week.
Last month Iran suffered its worst air disaster in years when a passenger plane crashed on the way to Armenia killing all 168 passengers.
In the same month, another passenger plane overshot the end of a runway in Mashhad and collided with a wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts of their tour.
The rock band was scheduled to tour the United States and Canada until September 16.
After frontman Steven Tyler injured himself during a performance on 5 August when he fell off the stage, they cancelled the tour.
Murray lost the first set in a tiebreak after both men had held every service game in the set.
Del Potro had an early lead in the second set, but this time a tie-break was needed after they reached 6-6.
Potros shoulder has since been treated, but he was able to return to the field.
The program began at 20:30 local time (15:00 UTC).
Famous singers from all over the country presented bhajans, devotional songs, at the feet of Shri Shyam.
Singer Sanju Sharma opened the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary, who also presented the Chhappan Bhog Bhajan, accompanied by singer Raju Khandelwal.
Lakkha Singh then took over the leadership of the singing of the Bhajans.
Baba Shyam was served 108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism, 56 different edible items like sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc. offered to the deity)
Lakkha Singh also presented the Chhappan Bhog Bhajan, accompanied by the singer Raju Khandelwal.
In a keynote presentation at the Tokyo Game Show on Thursday, Nintendo President Satoru Iwata revealed the controller design for the company's new Nintendo Revolution console.
Similar to a TV remote, the controller uses two sensors placed near the user's TV to triangulate their position in three-dimensional space.
This will allow players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and had to end the race shortly after the start.
His team mate led the race for most of the time but ended it immediately after his pit stop, probably because of a badly jammed front right wheel.
Shortly after Alonso, Michael also ended his race due to damage to the suspension from the numerous battles during the race.
"She's very sweet and she sings pretty well," he said, according to a transcript of the news conference.
"I was moved to the core of my being at every rehearsal."
About 3 minutes after take-off, a camera on board showed numerous parts of the insulating foam detaching from the fuel tank.
However, it is not believed that they damaged the shuttle in any way.
N. Wayne Hale Jr., the NASA shuttle program manager, said the foam "came off after the time we're concerned about."
After five minutes, the wind picks up, about a minute later the wind reaches 70 km/h... Then it starts to rain, but the drops are so hard and big that they hit the skin like needles. Then hail fell from the sky, people panicked, screamed and ran around each other.
"I lost my sister and her friend and on my way there were two handicapped people in wheelchairs that people just walked over and pushed," Armand Versace said.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that the earthquake had no impact and that reactors No. 1 and 2 of the Shika nuclear power plant had been shut down.
It is reported that about 9,400 houses in the region have no water and about 100 have no electricity.
Some roads were damaged and railway services in the affected areas were suspended. Noto Airport in Ishikawa Prefecture remains closed.
A bomb exploded in front of the office building of the Governor General.
Three more bombs exploded within two hours near government buildings.
According to some reports, the official death toll is eight and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured, but no final figures are yet available.
Both cyanuric acid and melamine have been found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food.
The two compounds react with each other and form crystals that, according to the researchers from the university, can impair the kidney function.
The researchers discovered crystals in the cat's urine that had formed from the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals is similar to that found in the urine of affected pets when compared by Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy.
I don't know if you knew this, but most goods from Central America came into our country duty-free.
Still, 80 percent of our goods in Central American countries were charged with tariffs. We'll take care of you.
That didn't seem sensible to me; it was certainly not fair.
I just tell people that we want to be treated the way we treat others.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill that bans the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The proposed law would require video games sold in California to carry a sticker with the number 18 and impose a $1,000 fine for selling them to minors.
Director of Public Prosecutions Kier Starmer QC made a statement this morning announcing prosecutions against both Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne has resigned and will be replaced in the cabinet by MP Ed Davey, with MP Norman Lamb expected to take over the job of business secretary which Davey is vacating.
Huhne and Pryce are due to appear at Westminster Magistrates Court on February 16.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21, who was driving.
Edgar Veguilla suffered wounds to his arm and jaw, while Kristoffer Schneider required reconstructive surgery to his face.
Uka's gun jammed as he aimed at the head of a fifth man. Schneider has been left with chronic pain, is blind in one eye and has part of his skull missing, and his face had to be reconstructed using titanium.
Schneider spoke via a video link from a USAF base in his home country.
In addition to the event on Wednesday, Carpanedo took part in the championship in two individual races.
Her first event was slalom, where she DNFed in her first run, with 36 of the 116 starters finishing the same.
She finished her other race, the giant slalom, in 10th place in the women's group with a combined time of 4:41.30. This was 2:11.60 minutes slower than the first-placed Austrian Claudia Lösch and 1:09.02 minutes faster than Hungary's Gyöngyi Dani, who came ninth.
Four skiers from Krückenskifahrens did not make it to the finish line, and 45 of the 117 skiers in the giant slalom were unable to place themselves in the race.
The Madhya Pradesh police have found the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
Deputy Inspector General D.K. Arya said: "We have arrested five persons who raped the Swiss woman and seized her mobile phone and laptop."
The names of the accused are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanja, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
Police chief Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the accused had appeared in court with their faces covered.
Although three people were in the house when the car crashed in, none of them were injured.
The driver, however, suffered serious head injuries.
The road where the accident happened was temporarily closed while emergency services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
He was initially taken to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was subsequently transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has in the meantime been charged with the murder of her son at Edinburgh Sheriff Court.
She is in custody pending charges and trial, but witness statements could be tainted because her image has been widely published.
This is standard practice elsewhere in the UK, but the Scottish justice system works differently and the courts have deemed publication of the photos as potentially damaging.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee notes: "Journalists seem to be crossing a dangerous line when they publish photos etc of suspects."
The Crown Office, which is leading the prosecution, has indicated to journalists that no further comment will be made until at least the charge is confirmed.
According to the leak, the document refers to the border dispute, in which the Palestinians demand a return to the borders before the Six-Day War of 1967.
Other topics that are supposedly covered include the future of Jerusalem, which is holy to both nations, and the issue of the Jordan Valley.
Israel is demanding a 10-year military presence in the Jordan Valley from the signing of the agreement, while the Palestinian Authority, on the other hand, wants to accept such a presence for only five years.
The shooters in the accompanying trial to control the plague should be closely supervised by riders, as the trial was monitored and its effectiveness assessed.
As part of a partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc, qualified volunteers were recruited through the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting program.
The four hunters selected for the first hunt were given extensive safety and training, according to Mick O'Flynn, the acting director of Park Conservation and Heritage in the NPWS.
Martelly yesterday swore in a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) with nine members.
It is Martelly's fifth CEP in four years.
Last month a presidential commission recommended the resignation of the previous CEP as part of a package of measures to steer the country towards new elections.
The Commission was Martelly's response to widespread anti-regime protests that began in October.
The trigger for the sometimes violent protests was the failure to hold elections, some of which have been pending since 2011.
Over 60 cases of overheating have been reported in defective iPods, resulting in six fires and four people suffering minor burns.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said it had been notified of 27 accidents involving the devices.
Last week METI announced it had been informed by Apple of a further 34 incidents of overheating, which the company described as "not serious."
The ministry responded by describing the delay in releasing the report by Apple as "really regrettable."
The earthquake hit Mariana at 7.19am local time (2119 GMT on Friday).
The Northern Marianas Office of Homeland Security said no damage had been reported in the territory.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there was no indication of a tsunami.
A former Philippine policeman has taken tourists from Hong Kong hostage by hijacking their bus in Manila, the Philippine capital.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at the tourists.
Several hostages have been rescued and there are at least six confirmed deaths so far.
Six hostages, including children and the elderly, were released early, as were the Filipino photographers.
The photographers took the place of an elderly lady when she needed to go to the toilet. Mendoza was shot.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and pursued a career in medicine.
He trained as an obstetrician and gynaecologist and in 1959 took up a post at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland.
While working at the hospital, Liggins began to study premature labor in his free time.
His research showed that the use of a hormone accelerated the lung maturation of the fetus.
Xinhua reported that government investigators on Wednesday retrieved two "black boxes" from the plane.
Wrestling colleagues also paid tribute to Luna.
"Tommy Dreamer said: "Luna was the first Queen of the Extreme. My first manager. Luna passed away on the night of the two moons. Very unique, just like her. A strong woman.""
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels said, "Luna was as crazy as I am ... maybe even crazier ... I loved her and will miss her ... hopefully she's in a better place."
Of the 1,400 people surveyed ahead of the 2010 federal election, the proportion of those opposed to Australia becoming a republic has increased by 8 per cent since 2008.
The then acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard declared during the 2010 federal election campaign that in her opinion Australia should become a republic at the end of the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
Thirty-four per cent of those surveyed share this view and want Elizabeth II to be the last Australian monarch.
Twenty-nine per cent of those surveyed said Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent believed Australia should never become a republic.
The Olympic gold medallist was due to compete in the 100m and 200m freestyle and three relay events at the Commonwealth Games but his fitness has been called into question due to a series of injuries.
He was unable to take the painkillers he needed to take to compete at the Commonwealth Games as they are banned.
On January 25, Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number.
Numerous people confirmed the discovery using different hardware and software at the beginning of February and it was announced on Tuesday.
Comets may have been a source of Earth's water supply, along with organic material that can form proteins and enable life.
Because comets collided with the Earth long ago, scientists hope to gain insights into how planets, particularly Earth, formed.
Cuomo, 53, took office earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
He described the rumours as "political chatter and nonsense".
It is speculated that he could run for the office of President in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the FAA says would allow planes to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel each year, reducing carbon emissions.
It relies on satellite-based technology instead of older ground radar-based technology to allow air traffic controllers to more precisely locate planes and provide pilots with more accurate information.
No additional transport is being put in place and the overground trains will not be stopping at Wembley. There are no on-site car parks or park and ride facilities.
With concerns over transportation, the likelihood grew that the game would have to be played behind closed doors without the team's fans.
A study published Thursday in the journal Science reported the emergence of a new bird species on Ecuador's Galapagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University in the United States and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that the new species had evolved within just two generations, although it was previously thought that the process would take much longer because of mating between a native Darwin's finch, Geospiza fortes, and the introduced cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
Gold can be processed into a variety of shapes. It can be rolled into tiny shapes.
It can be drawn into a thin wire, which can be twisted and braided. It can be hammered or rolled into sheets.
It can be made very thin and glued onto other metal. It can be made so thin that it was sometimes used to decorate hand-painted pictures, called illuminated manuscripts, in books, which are called illuminated manuscripts.
This is called the pH value of a chemical. You can make an indicator with red cabbage juice.
The cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or basic (alkaline) the chemical is.
The pH level indicates the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the chemicals being tested.
Hydrogen ions are protons that have lost their electrons (since hydrogen atoms are made up of a proton and an electron).
Mix the two dry powders together and then shape them into a ball with clean, wet hands.
The moisture on your hands reacts with the outer layers, which feels weird and creates a kind of protective layer.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had flush toilets in almost every house, connected to a sophisticated sewage system.
Remnants of sewage systems have been found in the houses of Minoan cities on Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Toilets also existed in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman culture, toilets were sometimes part of public baths, which men and women visited in mixed company.
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
The satellite in space receives the call and then reflects it almost immediately back down.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts our light and our view a little.
It takes a giant rocket, more than 100 feet tall, to launch a satellite or telescope into space.
The wheel has changed the world in an incredible way. The greatest service the wheel has rendered to us is much easier and faster transport.
It has brought us the railroad, the automobile, and many other means of transportation.
Among them are medium-sized cats that eat medium-sized prey, from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
Finally, there are still many small cats (including feral domestic cats) that eat much smaller prey such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
The secret to their success is the niche concept, a special job that each cat has, which ensures that they do not compete with others.
Lions are the most social of cats. They live in large groups called prides.
The packs consist of one to three related adult males and up to thirty females and young.
Women usually have a close relationship with each other when they live in a big family with sisters and daughters.
Lion prides behave in a similar way to wolf or dog packs, animals that behave surprisingly like lions (but not other big cats) and are just as deadly to their prey.
As a versatile athlete, the tiger can climb (albeit not particularly well), swim, jump great distances and pull with five times the force of a strong human.
The tiger belongs to the same group (genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars, the only four cats that can roar.
The roar of the tiger doesn't sound like the full-throated roar of the lion, but more like a sentence of growled-out words.
Ocelots eat small animals. When they can, they hunt monkeys, snakes, rodents, and birds. Almost all the animals that the ocelot hunts are much smaller than it is.
Scientists think that ocelots hunt prey with their sense of smell, tracking and sniffing out where they have been on the ground.
They can see very well in the dark with night vision and move unnoticed. Ozelots hunt their prey by optically adapting to their surroundings and then rushing at their prey.
When a small group of living things (a small population) is separated from the main population it came from (for example, if they move over a mountain range or a river, or if they move to a new island so they can't easily return), they will often find themselves in a different environment than before.
This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so the new population needs different features or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what it needed before.
The original population has not changed at all, it still needs the same adaptations as before.
Over time, the new population begins to adapt to its new environment, and then it looks less and less like the other population.
After thousands or even millions of years, two populations look so different that they can no longer be assigned to the same species.
We call this process speciation, which simply means the emergence of new species. Speciation is an inevitable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants generate the oxygen that humans breathe and they absorb the carbon dioxide that humans exhale (i.e., breathe out).
Plants produce their food through the sun by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We build our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. We mainly feed on plants. Without plants, animals could not survive.
The Mosasaurus was the largest predator of its time, so it feared nothing except other Mosasauruses.
Its long jaws were equipped with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, plus another set in the palate, which meant that there was no escape for any animal that crossed its path.
We don't know for sure, but it may have had a forked tongue. It fed on turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and may have even been a cannibal.
He also attacked anything that came into the water; even a large dinosaur like the T. Rex was no match for him.
While we are all familiar with much of their diet, the Romans did have their share of odd or unusual feasts, including wild boar, peacock, snails and a type of rodent called a seven-toed shrew.
Another difference was that the poor and women ate their meals while seated on chairs, while the wealthy men preferred to hold communal banquets where they lay on their sides while eating their meals.
Dishes of ancient Rome could not contain foods that came to Europe from America or Asia in later centuries.
They had, for example, no maize, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no Roman ever tasted a turkey.
The Babylonians built a main temple for each of their gods, which was considered the house of the god.
They offered sacrifices to the gods and the priests tried to comply with the will of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had an open courtyard and then an inner altar room, which could only be entered by priests.
Sometimes special pyramid-shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built as part of the temple.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, houses did not have such great significance.
The majority of the Hebrew family's life took place outdoors.
The women cooked in the yard. Shops were simply open shop fronts. Stone was used for building houses.
There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. According to the old Norse sagas, Erik the Red was banished from Iceland for murder. When he continued his journey westward, he found Greenland and gave it its name.
But regardless of his discovery, Eskimo tribes were already living there at that time.
Although all countries were "Scandinavian," there were many differences between the people, the kings, the customs and the history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you've seen the movie "National Treasure," you might think a treasure map was drawn on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
That is not true, however. Although something is written on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
The words "original Declaration of Independence, dated July 4, 1776" were written on the back of the Declaration, upside down on the bottom of the document.
While no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that the large parchment document (which measures 29¾ inches x 24½ inches) was rolled up for storage at the beginning of its life.
It is therefore possible that the remark was simply added as a label.
The D-Day landings and the subsequent battles liberated northern France, but the south was still not free.
"He was dominated by the Vichy French. These were French who had made peace with the Germans in 1940 and were working with the conquerors rather than fighting them."
On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France; the invasion was called "Operation Dragoon".
After only two weeks, the Americans and the French liberation troops had liberated the south of France and were heading towards Germany.
A civilization is a distinct culture shared by a significantly large group of people who live and work together, a society.
The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, which means civil, related to the Latin civis, which means citizen, and civitas, which means city or city state, and which also somehow defines the size of a society.
City-states are the precursors of nations. A civilized culture implies the transmission of knowledge across generations, a lasting cultural footprint, and a proper distribution.
Smaller cultures often disappear without leaving relevant historical records and fail to be recognized as legitimate civilizations.
During the Revolutionary War, the 13 states formed a weak central government based on the Articles of Confederation, which consisted only of the Congress.
Congress was not empowered to levy taxes, and with no national executive or judiciary, it relied on state authorities to enforce all of its laws, which often did not cooperate.
He also had no authority to suspend tax laws and tariffs between states.
The articles required the unanimous consent of all states before they could be amended, and the states took the central government so little seriously that their representatives often were absent.
The Italian national football team is the second most successful in the world, after the German national football team, and was the 2006 FIFA World Cup champion.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula 1 motor racing.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions and Italians participate in international competitions and the Olympic Games.
Japan has almost 7,000 islands (with Honshu being the largest), making Japan the seventh largest island in the world.
"Due to the cluster/group of islands, Japan, is geographically often referred to as ""Archipelago""."
Taiwan's beginnings date back to the 15th century when European sailors passed by and documented the name of the island as Ilha Formosa or beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a settlement in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a change in the indigenous people's methods of growing crops and employing Chinese laborers on their rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) forces took control of Taiwan's western and northern coastal regions and declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, after the defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing Dynasty government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, which ceded sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu is mainly composed of three structures, namely the Intihuatana, the Temple of the Sun and the Room of the Three Windows.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt to give tourists a better idea of what they originally looked like.
By 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored, and restoration work continues to this day.
For example, the most widely used format for a still image is 35 mm, which corresponds to the predominant film size at the end of the analogue film era.
It is still produced today, but more importantly, its image format has been adopted by digital camera image sensor formats.
To be precise, the so-called 35 mm format measures, confusingly, 36 mm in width and 24 mm in height.
The aspect ratio of this format (divided by twelve to get the simplest integer ratio) is therefore referred to as 3:2.
Many common formats (the APS format family, for example) have the same or a very similar aspect ratio.
The oft-maligned and often mocked thirds rule is a simple guideline that creates dynamic and at the same time preserves a sense of order in an image.
It states that the point of intersection of the lines that divide an image into thirds vertically and horizontally is the most effective place for the main subject (see example).
During this period of European history, the rich and powerful Catholic Church was under scrutiny.
For over a thousand years, the Christian religion had held the European states together despite different languages and customs.
His omnipotence dominated everyone, from the king to the simple citizen.
One of the key Christian tenets is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty, and that is precisely why the Church has the funds it does.
The central power of the church had been in Rome for more than a thousand years. This concentration of power and money led many to doubt whether this principle was being adhered to.
Shortly after the outbreak of hostilities, Great Britain initiated a naval blockade against Germany.
The strategy proved effective in cutting off the country from vital military and civilian supplies, although the blockade violated generally accepted international law, codified by several international agreements over the past two centuries.
Britain mined international waters to prevent ships from advancing into whole sections of the sea, which was a danger even for neutral ships.
As the response to this tactic was limited, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted U-boat warfare.
In the 1920s, pacifism and isolationism were the prevailing attitudes of most citizens and countries.
After the experience of the horrors and atrocities of World War I, the nations wanted to avoid another such situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to take up a position with the Edison Company in New York City.
He came to the United States with 4 cents in his pocket, a book of poetry, and a letter of introduction from Charles Batchelor (his boss at his previous job) to Thomas Edison.
Old China had a unique method of indicating different ages. Each period of time in China and each family that was in power was its own dynasty.
There were also unstable periods of divided provinces between the different dynasties. The most famous of these periods was the Three Kingdoms era, which lasted for 60 years between the Han and Jin dynasties.
In those times, bitter wars raged among many nobles who fought for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms period was one of the bloodiest in the history of ancient China, with thousands of people dying in the fight for the highest throne in the grand palace of Xi'an.
There are a lot of social and political effects such as the use of the metric system, a move away from absolutism towards republicanism and nationalism and the belief that the land belongs to the people and not just to one ruler.
After the revolution, all professions were open to all male applicants, so that the most ambitious and best could succeed.
The same applied to the military, for instead of being based on class, army rankings were now based on calibre.
The French Revolution also inspired many oppressed working-class people in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in things beyond this daily life. He often visited a cave known as "Hira" on the mountain of "Nur" (Light) to meditate.
The cave itself has survived the ages and offers a vivid picture of Muhammad's spiritual inclinations.
The cave is located on the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca and is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In fact, it's not easy to find at all, even if you know it exists, and once you're in the cave, you're completely isolated.
You see nothing but the clear, beautiful sky above and the many surrounding mountains. From the inside of the cave, very little of this world is visible or audible.
The Cheops Pyramid is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that still stands today.
Built by the Egyptians in the third century BC, the Cheops Pyramid is one of many large pyramid structures built to honor deceased pharaohs.
The Giza Plateau or the "Giza Necropolis" in the Egyptian Valley of the Kings comprises several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples as well as the great Sphinx.
The large pyramid was built in honor of Pharaoh Cheops and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built in honor of Cheops' wives and family members.
The "swab" symbol looks like a V and the "no swab" symbol like a bracket or a square with a missing bottom line.
Up means you start at the top and push the bow. Down means you start at the frog (where your hand holds the bow) and pull the bow.
Stroking up generates a softer sound, while stroking down is stronger and more expressive.
You are welcome to add your own pencil markings; but remember that the printed sheet markings are there for musical reasons, and should normally be respected.
In a panic, King Louis XVI, Queen Marie-Antoinette, their two young children (11-year-old Marie-Therese and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and the king's sister, Madame Elisabeth, were forced by a mob of market women to return to Paris on October 6, 1789.
They travelled back to Paris in a carriage, surrounded by a screaming mob of people who hurled threats at the king and queen.
The mob forced the king and queen to open the windows of their carriages wide.
At one point, a member of the angry mob held up the head of a royal guard killed in Versailles before the horrified queen's eyes.
The war expenses of the US imperialists in the conquest of the Philippines were borne by the Filipino people themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the U.S. colonial regime to cover the bulk of expenses, and the interest from bonds flowed in the name of the Philippine government through the Wall Street banking houses.
Of course, the superprofits that came from the continued exploitation of the Filipino people were the basic gains of U.S. imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context that led to the creation of the order.
The period in which the events took place is commonly referred to as the High Middle Ages, an era in European history that spanned the 11th, 12th and 13th centuries (1000–1300 AD).
The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages, followed by the Late Middle Ages, which all ended in 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a broad range of ideas in practice, from the technology push or technological imperative to the strict sense that human destiny is determined by an underlying logic that is associated with scientific laws and their manifestation in technology.
Most interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas: first, that the development of technology itself follows a path largely beyond cultural or political influence, and second, that technology itself has "implications" for societies that are more inherent than social.
It can be argued that the private car is an inevitable consequence of the development of roads.
However, a nationwide road network for only a small number of cars is not economically viable, so new production methods are being developed to reduce the cost of car ownership.
The widespread ownership of automobiles also leads to a higher number of accidents on the roads, which in turn leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare to repair damaged bodies.
Romanticism had a strong, culturally deterministic element that drew from writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, it is geography that shaped individuals. Over time, customs and cultures emerged that related to this geography and, because they were in harmony with the place of society, they were better than laws arbitrarily imposed.
Just as Paris is known today as the fashion capital of the world, Constantinople was the fashion capital of feudal Europe.
Its fame as a center of luxury began around 400 AD and lasted until around 1100 AD.
Its status declined during the twelfth century, due in part to the fact that the Crusaders returned with gifts such as silk and spices, which were considered more valuable than the offerings of the Byzantine markets.
At that time, the title of the world's fashion capital also moved from Constantinople to Paris.
The Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th-11th and 14th centuries.
At the beginning, the clothing was strongly influenced by the culture of Byzantium in the East.
However, styles in the West are 25 to 30 years behind because of the slow communication channels.
By the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe was slowly developing its own style. One of the most important developments of the time was that people, as a result of the Crusades, began to use buttons to fasten their clothing.
Subsistence farming is agriculture aimed at producing just enough food to meet the needs of the farmer and his or her family.
Subsistence agriculture is a simple, often organic form of farming that uses saved, locally adapted seed and combines it with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield.
In the past, most farmers practiced subsistence farming, and in many developing countries, they still do.
Subcultures bring together like-minded people who feel neglected by societal norms, and allow them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures may differentiate themselves from others in terms of age, ethnicity, class, location and/or gender of members.
The characteristics that define a subculture as such can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual or geographical in nature, or a combination of these factors.
Members of a subculture often signal their membership through an unmistakable and symbolic style, which includes fashion, habits, and jargon.
One of the most common methods of illustrating the importance of socialisation is to rely on the few unfortunate cases of children who, due to neglect, accident or intentional abuse during their childhood, have not been socialised by adults.
"Such children are termed 'feral' or wild. Some feral children have been kept captive by humans (usually their own parents); in some cases, the child's neglect was due to the parents' inability to accept the child's significant intellectual or physical disabilities."
Wolf children may have experienced severe child abuse or traumatic experiences before they were abandoned or ran away.
Others are thought to have been raised by animals; some are thought to have lived alone in the wild.
If it was raised entirely by animals, the feral child will exhibit behaviors (within the limits of its physical abilities) that are almost entirely in accord with those of its specific caretakers, such as its fear or indifference to humans.
While project-based learning should make the learning process easier and more interesting, "scaffolding" goes one step further.
Scaffolding is not a learning method, but rather an aid that supports individuals in a novel learning situation, such as when using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Frameworks can be both virtual and real. In other words, a teacher is one form of framework, but so is the little clip art man in Microsoft Office.
Virtual assistance is built into the software and is intended to question, suggest and explain work steps that the student may not be able to handle alone.
Children are placed in foster care for a variety of reasons, ranging from neglect to abuse to coercion.
No child should be forced to grow up in an environment that is not caring, nurturing and education-focused, but many are.
For us, the system of care accommodation is a piece of security for these children.
Our foster care system is supposed to provide a safe home, loving caregivers, stable education and reliable health care.
The foster home is supposed to cover all the needs that they did not have in the home from which they were taken.
The Internet connects both elements of mass communication and interpersonal communication.
The specific characteristics of the Internet have led to additional dimensions in terms of the benefit and reward approach.
For example, "learning" and "socialisation" are cited as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
"Personal involvement" and "continuing relationships" were also identified as new motivational aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they examined audience reactions to Web sites.
The use of video recordings led to important insights into the interpretation of microexpressions, facial movements that last only a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that it is possible to tell whether someone is lying by correctly interpreting minimal changes in facial expression.
In his article The President's Speech, Oliver Sacks showed how people who have lost the ability to understand language due to brain damage can still correctly assess the honesty of people.
He even claims that the ability to interpret human behavior may be shared with animals like domestic dogs.
Research in the twentieth century has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation provides new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the pool of expressed variation.
Segregation and recombination mix the variation between the two pools back and forth with each generation.
Out in the savannah, it's tough for a primate with a gut system like ours to get enough amino acids from the plant sources available.
Moreover, there are serious consequences if you fail to do so: growth depression, malnutrition and, ultimately, death.
The most easily accessible plant resources would have been the proteins in leaves and legumes, but these are difficult to digest for primates like us, unless cooked.
In contrast, animal food sources (ants, termites, eggs) are not only easily digestible, but also provide large amounts of protein that contain all essential amino acids.
Overall, it should not surprise us that our own ancestors solved their "protein problem" in a similar way to how chimpanzees in the savannah do today.
Sleep fragmentation is the process of being purposefully awakened during normal sleep periods and falling asleep a short time (10-60 minutes) later.
This can be easily achieved by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to bring you to consciousness without fully waking you up.
If you're someone who sets your alarm clock while you're asleep, you can put it on the other side of the room so that you're forced to get out of bed to turn it off.
Another biorhythm-based option is to drink a lot of liquid (especially water or tea, known for its diuretic effect) before bed, so that you are forced to get up to urinate.
The degree of inner calm that a person possesses correlates inversely with the degree of tension in the body and mind.
The less tension, the more positive the life force. Every person has the potential to find absolute calm and contentment.
Anyone can attain enlightenment. The only thing that stands in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of the Buddha, but has been expanded with the Mahayana path of love and numerous techniques of Indian yoga.
Basically, Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
Kundalini Yoga awakens the Kundalini energy (the energy of enlightenment) through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualisations.
At the center of Tibetan meditation is deity yoga. By visualizing various deities, the energy channels are cleansed, the chakras are opened, and the enlightened consciousness arises.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the USSR and the USA. After the war, the clash of systems, the course and culture led to the countries becoming enemies.
Two years after the end of the war, the former Allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
It was to last the next 40 years and, in reality, it was to be played out on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places, by proxy armies.
By 17 September 1939, the Polish defence had already collapsed completely and the only hope was a retreat and regrouping along the Romanian bridgehead.
These plans were, however, rendered almost obsolete overnight as over 800,000 Red Army soldiers of the Soviet Union poured into the Belorussian and Ukrainian fronts and created them after they had invaded the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Treaty of Riga, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact and other bilateral and multilateral international treaties.
The use of ships for the transport of goods is by far the most efficient method for transporting large numbers of people and goods across the oceans.
The Navy's job has traditionally been to ensure a country remains able to move people and goods, while simultaneously impeding an enemy's ability to move people and goods.
One of the most significant recent examples of this is the North Atlantic campaign in the Second World War, when the Americans tried to bring manpower and material across the Atlantic to help Britain.
At the same time, the German navy tried to stop this traffic mainly with U-boats.
If the Allies had failed, Germany would have been able to conquer Britain, just like the rest of Europe.
Goats were apparently already domesticated in the Zagros Mountains of Iran about 10,000 years ago.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to keep them as livestock, in order to easily obtain their milk, fur, meat and skin.
Domestic goats were usually kept in herds that roamed over hills or other grazing areas. The goats were tended by goatherds, much like the more familiar shepherds; often these were children or adolescents. This grazing method is still used today.
In the 16th century, they built conveyor tracks in England.
Although the tramways were merely parallel wooden planks, they allowed the horses that pulled the carriages to travel at higher speeds and pull greater loads than on the somewhat rougher roads of the time.
Thresholds were introduced quite early on to secure the position of the rails, but gradually the realisation dawned that rails carrying a strip of iron are more efficient.
This became the norm, but the iron caused more wear and tear on the wooden wheels of the carriages.
Finally, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first completely iron rails were introduced.
The first known mode of transportation was walking. Humans began walking upright two million years ago with the emergence of Homo erectus (which means "upright man").
Their predecessors, the Australopithecus, did not walk upright as regularly.
Bipedal species are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2 to 3.9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can live more environmentally friendly, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even become activists to alleviate future suffering.
In many cases it is just like treating the symptoms, but if you want to find and treat the root of the problem, we should find the root of the problem.
It is really obvious that the world has changed a lot due to the scientific and technological advancements of human beings and the problems of overpopulation and the extravagant lifestyle of people have become more serious.
After its passage by the Congress on July 4, a handwritten draft, signed by the President of the Congress, John Hancock, and the Secretary, Charles Thomson, was sent a few blocks away to the printing shop of John Dunlap.
Over the course of the night, between 150 and 200 copies were made, which are known today as the "Dunlap broadsides."
The first public reading of the document was given by John Nixon on the lawn of Independence Hall on July 8.
One was sent to George Washington on July 6, which he read to his troops in New York on July 9. A copy reached London on August 10.
The 25 Dunlap broadsides that still exist are the oldest surviving copies of the document, as the original manuscript did not survive the ages.
Many paleontologists today believe that there is a group of dinosaurs that survived and are still living today. We call them birds.
Many people do not consider them to be dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But many things about birds still look like dinosaurs.
They have scaly feet and claws, lay eggs and walk on their hind legs like a Tyrannosaurus rex.
Virtually all computers in use today are based on the processing of information that is coded in the form of binary numbers.
A binary number can only have one of two values, either 0 or 1, and these numbers are called binary digits - or bits, to use computer jargon.
Internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent, with symptoms such as vomiting so general that a diagnosis may not be immediately apparent.
The best sign of poisoning by swallowing may be the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemical.
Look on the label for specific first aid instructions for that particular poison.
The term "bug" is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
The term is derived from the ancient familiarity with bed bugs, which are insects that are very adaptable in their ability to parasitize humans.
Both bed bugs and cockroaches are nidicolous, meaning they are adapted to live in the nests or dwellings of their hosts.
In the United States of America, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), making it the most prevalent neurological disease in younger and middle-aged adults.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain, the spinal cord and the optic nerve.
Studies have shown that women are twice as likely as men to develop MS.
A couple may decide that it is not in their own best interest or in the best interest of their child to raise a baby.
These couples can choose an adoption plan for their baby.
In an adoption, the birth parents give up their parental rights, so that another couple can take over parenting.
The main goal of science is to use the scientific method to figure out how the world works. This method is indeed the foundation of most scientific inquiry.
However, it is not just about experimentation, where an experiment is a test that is used to rule out one or more of the possible hypotheses. Scientific research is also guided by asking questions and conducting observations.
Scientists and philosophers focused on classical texts, and in particular the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology, were accepted.
With the loss of Greek language knowledge, the West was cut off from its philosophical and scientific roots in Greece.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are often largely based on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Cycle-specific behaviours, which are not just responses to cues from external cycles, are known in most organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that can run free-running cycles for a time even in the absence of external signals.
The Hershey-Chase experiment was one of the key pieces of evidence that DNA is genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used phages or viruses to insert their own DNA into a bacterium.
They conducted two experiments, in which they either labelled the phage DNA with radioactive phosphorus or a protein in the phage with radioactive sulphur.
Mutations can have a wide range of effects, depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the genetic material involved and whether the cells are germ cells.
Only mutations in germ cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature-based tourism attracts people interested in visiting natural areas to enjoy the scenery, including wild plants and animals.
Examples of on-site activities include hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
An example of this is visiting, photographing and studying orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in cars to go to work and are passed by others whose workplace is where they have just left.
In this dynamic pendulum, everyone is connected to, and supports, a transport system based on the private car.
Science is now pointing out that this massive carbon economy has pulled the biosphere out of one of its stable states, which has underpinned human evolution for the last two million years.
Everyone is part of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about the transport systems.
In developed countries, you rarely hear complaints about the quality of water or the collapse of bridges.
Why do transport systems lead to such abuses, why do they fail every day? Are transport engineers simply incompetent or is something more fundamental going on?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions that take place between them.
Unfortunately, studying traffic flows is difficult because driver behaviour cannot be predicted with one hundred percent certainty.
Fortunately, drivers tend to behave in a reasonably consistent way; so traffic flows have a certain constancy and can be roughly modelled mathematically.
To better represent the traffic flow, the relationships between the three most important properties were defined: (1) flow, (2) density, and (3) speed.
These relationships help in the planning, design and operation of facilities at the roadside.
Insects were the first animals to conquer the sky. Their ability to fly helped them evade predators more easily and find food and mates more efficiently.
Most insects can fold their wings back along their bodies.
This means they have a wider selection of small hiding places where they can hide from predators.
Today, dragonflies and mayflies are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
Thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus claimed that the sun was at the center of the solar system's movements.
Some people thought he was right, but many believed the opposite: that the solar system, including the sun (and even the other stars) revolved around the Earth.
That seems reasonable, since it doesn't seem like the Earth is moving, does it?
The Amazon is the second longest and the most water-rich river in the world, carrying more than eight times as much water as the second-largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river in the world, in some places up to six miles wide.
As much as 20 percent of the water that flows into the oceans via the planet's rivers comes from the Amazon.
The main Amazon River is 6,387 km (3,980 miles) long and takes water from thousands of smaller rivers.
Although the building of stone pyramids continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the pyramids of Giza were never surpassed in size or the technical perfection of their construction.
Egyptians in the ancient New Kingdom marvelled at the monuments of their ancestors, which were then well over a thousand years old.
Vatican City has around 800 inhabitants. It is the smallest independent state in the world and the country with the smallest population.
Vatican City uses Italian for its legislation and official communications.
Italian is also the everyday language of most who work in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
Basic chemical elements such as gold, silver and copper have been known to humans since ancient times, as they can all be found in their original form in nature and can be extracted using primitive tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, put forth the theory that all things are made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
This corresponded more to the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas and plasma. However, he also put forward the theory that they transform into new substances to form what we see.
Alloys are basically a mixture of two or more metals. Don't forget that there are many elements in the periodic table.
Elements like calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are other metals like silver and gold.
There are also alloys that contain small amounts of non-metallic elements such as carbon.
The universe is made up of matter. All matter is made up of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so tiny that billions of them would fit into the point at the end of this sentence.
Consequently, after its invention, the pencil became a good friend to many people.
Unfortunately, with the advent of newer writing methods, the pencil has been relegated to the background, and its status and use have been pushed aside.
Nowadays, people write messages on computer screens without ever having to get near a typewriter.
It will be interesting to see what the keyboard will become when something newer comes along.
The atomic bomb is based on the principle that energy is required to bring together a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
It's a bit like rolling a heavy car up a hill - when the core splits again, some of that energy is released.
Some atoms have unstable cores, which means that they disintegrate at the slightest provocation or even without any provocation at all.
The surface of the Moon is made up of rock and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and 100 km on the far side.
It is thinner under the sea and thicker under the highlands.
On the near side there could be more Maria because the crust is thinner, it was easier for the lava to rise to the surface.
In terms of content, theories focus on finding what moves people or what appeals to them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that are internalized over the course of their development into adulthood.
These theories deal with what causes certain people to want exactly the things they do, and what influences in their environment cause them to do certain things or not to do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs and Herzberg's Two-Factor Theory.
In general, two behaviors can emerge when managers start to lead their former colleagues: One end of the spectrum is the attempt to remain "one of the guys" (or one of the girls).
This type of manager has trouble making unpopular decisions, enforcing discipline, conducting performance evaluations, assigning responsibilities, and holding employees accountable.
At the other end of the spectrum, you become an unrecognisable individual, who has to do everything differently to the team and take everything for themselves.
Ultimately, the team leader is responsible for the success and failure of the team.
This behavior often leads to splits between the leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams are managed to the same high standards as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual team members often serve as a point of contact for their immediate physical group.
They often have more autonomy than traditional team members, as their teams may span different time zones that the local leadership may not account for.
The presence of a real "invisible team" (Larson and LaFasto 1989, p. 109) is also a unique component of a virtual team.
"The ""invisible team"" is the leadership team to which each member reports. The invisible team sets the standards for each member."
Why would an organization undertake the time-consuming process of introducing a learning organization? One goal for the practical implementation of organizational learning concepts is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively utilized across all functional departments of an organization, creativity and ingenuity can emerge.
As a result, the collaborative work of an organization in overcoming an obstacle can lead to a new innovative method to address customer needs.
Before an organization can be innovative, leadership must develop a culture of innovation, shared knowledge and organizational learning.
Angel (2006) explains the continuum concept as a method to help organizations become more effective.
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the study of cognition, thus defining and refining the field.
The correlation between brain pathology and behavior supports scientists in their research.
It has long been known that various types of brain damage, such as trauma, injury and tumour, affect behaviour and cause changes in some brain functions.
Emerging technologies are allowing us to see and study certain brain structures and processes for the first time.
It provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models that help us understand what goes on in our heads.
Although strongly associated with science fiction, AI is a major branch of computer science that deals with the behavior, learning and intelligent adaptation of machines.
Research in the field of AI involves the creation of machines to automate tasks that require intelligent behavior.
Examples of this include control, setting up strategies and timetables, the ability to answer customer diagnoses and questions, as well as handwriting, voice and facial recognition.
Such things have become their own disciplines, focused on finding solutions to the problems of real life.
AI systems are now commonly used in business, medicine, engineering and the military, and have also been built into many software applications for home computers and video games.
Excursions are an important part of every school class. Not infrequently, a teacher would like to take her or his students to places that are not suitable for a bus trip.
Virtual field trips are one technological solution, allowing students to view museum artifacts, visit an aquarium or view beautiful works of art from their classrooms.
Sharing a virtual field trip is also a great way to reflect on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, students at Bennet High School in North Carolina design a website each year about their trip to the state capital, and the site is rebuilt each year, but the previous versions remain online and serve as a scrapbook.
Blogs can also help improve students' writing skills. While students often have sloppy grammar and spelling at the beginning of their blogging experience, this usually changes when they have an audience.
As students are often a very critical audience, the blogger is making an effort to improve his writing style to avoid criticism.
Blogging "also forces students to learn more about the world around them." The need to engage the audience inspires students to write smartly and interestingly (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages students to continue learning far beyond the traditional school day.
Appropriate use of blogs "can empower students to become more analytical and critical; by actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of the texts of others and articulate their own perspectives on particular topics" (Oravec, 2002).
Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and is home to a number of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
Further south are the Niagara Falls, and to the north, the unspoiled natural beauty of Muskoka and beyond.
All of these things and more make Ontario what outsiders consider to be quintessentially Canadian.
Large areas further north are sparsely populated and some are almost uninhabited wilderness.
A population comparison that surprises many: There are more African Americans living in the USA than there are Canadian citizens.
The East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the largest and, in terms of animal life, a continent of its own.
Most of the smaller islands are independent nations or belong to France and are known as luxurious seaside resorts.
The Arabs also brought Islam to the country, and it was very successful in the Comoros and Mayotte.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century when Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape route from Europe to India.
To the north, the region is bounded by the Sahel zone and to the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
Women: It is recommended that all female travellers claim to be married, regardless of their actual marital status.
Wearing a ring is also helpful (just not one that looks too expensive.
Women should recognise that cultural differences can lead to what they would consider an assault, and that it is not unusual to be chased, grabbed by the arm etc.
Stay consistent when rejecting men and don't be afraid to stand your ground (cultural differences aside; that still doesn't mean it's okay!)
Today's Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BC and was used by the Phoenicians, Romans and Merinids as a strategic port under the name Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755.
The Moroccan Sultan rebuilt the city as Dar el Beida and it was named Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading posts there.
Casablanca is one of the most uninteresting places to shop in all of Morocco.
Around the old Medina it is easy to find places where traditional Moroccan goods such as tagines, ceramics, leather goods, water pipes and a whole range of tanneries are sold, but that is all just for tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the Democratic Republic of Congo in the far east near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by the lava of the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the city's streets, especially the city center.
While Goma is relatively safe, any stay outside of Goma should be carefully planned to avoid exposure to the ongoing fighting in North Kivu province.
The town is also the starting point for climbing the Nyiragongo volcano, as well as for some of the cheapest gorilla tracking tours in Africa.
You can use bodabodas (motorcycle taxis) to get around Goma. The usual (local) price is around 500 Congolese francs for the short ride.
This, combined with its relative inaccessibility, has led to "Timbuktu" becoming a metaphor for exotic, far-off lands.
Although Timbuktu is known for its reputation as a tourist attraction and has an airport, it is now a city in poverty.
In 1990, it was added to the list of endangered World Heritage sites due to the threat of desertification.
It was one of the key locations for Louis Gates PBS special "Wonders of the African World."
The city stands in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, because it has more of an Arabic than an African feel.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the northeast of South Africa. It borders on Mozambique in the east, on Zimbabwe in the north and on the Crocodile River in the south.
The park covers an area of 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 different ecozones, each of which supports a different animal world.
It is one of South Africa's main attractions and is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
Like all South African national parks, the park charges daily conservation and entrance fees.
It may also be worth buying a Wild Card, which grants access to either selected parks in South Africa or all South African national parks.
Hong Kong Island is the namesake of the territory of Hong Kong and is the center of attention for many tourists.
The buildings that make up Hong Kong's skyline were compared to a glittering bar chart, visible through the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.
For the best views of Hong Kong, you should leave the island and head to the opposite shore of Kowloon.
The bulk of Hong Kong Island's urbanisation is tightly packed on reclaimed land along the north coast.
This is the place that the British colonisers made their own, and if you are looking for traces of the area's colonial past, this is a good place to start.
The Sundarbans are the largest mangrove forest in the world and stretch 80 km from the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland to the coast.
The Sundarbans were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest that is within Indian territory is called Sundarbans National Park.
But the forests are not just mangrove swamps - they also include some of the last remaining stands of the mighty jungle that once covered the Gangetic plain.
The Sundarbans cover an area of 3,850 km², of which a third is covered by water and marshes.
The Sundarbans have been a nature reserve since 1966, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Bengal tigers and around 30,000 spotted deer living there.
Buses run all day from the inter-district bus station (on the other side of the river), with most buses, especially those to the east and Jakar/Bumthang, leaving between 06:30 and 07:30.
As buses between districts are often full, it is recommended to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most districts are serviced by small Japanese coaster buses, which are comfortable and stable.
Shared taxis offer a quick and convenient way to get to nearby places like Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge that spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
Its two towers are 83 metres high, its length is 378 metres and it has two lanes, each 3.50 metres wide.
The clearance height under the bridge is 15 metres. The construction work was completed in August 2011, but the road was not opened to traffic until March 2017.
The bridge is expected to be fully operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
The Guarani were the most important indigenous group to inhabit present-day eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters who also practiced subsistence agriculture.
The Chaco region was also home to other groups of indigenous tribes, such as the Guaycurú and the Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
Paraguay, formerly known as the Great Province of the West Indies, was created in the 16th century as a result of the meeting of Spanish conquerors with the indigenous groups that lived there.
The Spanish began the colonization period, which lasted three centuries.
Since the founding of Asuncion in 1537, Paraguay has managed to preserve much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best polo teams and players in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at Las Cañitas polo fields.
Smaller tournaments and competitions can also be viewed at other times of the year.
Information on competitions and sales points for polo tickets can be found at the Asociacion Argentina de Polo.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Pound (FKP), which is pegged to the value of the British Pound (GBP).
Money can be exchanged at the island's only bank, located in Stanley opposite the FIC West Store.
The British pound is generally accepted throughout the islands and at Stanley, and US dollars are often accepted.
Credit cards are unlikely to be accepted on the more remote islands, although British and US currency may be accepted; check with the owners in advance what method of payment is accepted.
It is almost impossible to exchange the currency of the Falkland Islands outside the islands themselves, so you should exchange the money before leaving the island.
As Montevideo is south of the equator, it is summer there when it is winter in the northern hemisphere and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics. In the summer months, temperatures above +30 °C are common.
Winter can be deceptively chilly: Temperatures rarely dip below freezing, but wind and humidity make it feel colder than the thermometer indicates.
There are no distinct rainy or dry seasons: the amount of precipitation remains more or less the same throughout the year.
Although many of the animals in the park are used to seeing people, the wildlife is still wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
Visitors are advised to keep at least 100 yards/metres away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/metres away from all other wild animals!
No matter how peaceful bison, wapitis, elks, bears and practically all large animals may seem, it can happen that they attack.
Dozens of visitors are injured each year by not keeping a safe distance, these animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so give them plenty of space.
Also, be aware that odours can attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking strong-smelling foods and keep your campsite clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa, located on the island of Upolu, and has a population of just under 40,000.
Apia was founded in the 1750s and has been the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The harbour was the site of a notorious naval standoff in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the United States and Great Britain refused to leave the harbour.
All ships, except for a British cruiser, were sunk. Nearly 200 Americans and Germans lost their lives.
During the Mau movement's campaign for independence, a peaceful gathering in the town led to the killing of the paramount chief, Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
As Auckland sprawls over two harbours, there are many beaches, the most popular of which are in three areas.
North Shore beaches (in the North Harbour district) are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
Almost all are sandy beaches with safe swimming and most offer shade, courtesy of pohutukawa trees.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are located at Waitemata Harbour, in the upscale suburbs of Mission Bay and St. Heliers in Central Auckland.
There are family beaches, which are sometimes crowded, with a nice shopping promenade along the coast. Swimming is safe here.
The most important local beer is "Number One". It is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines to drink, but New Zealand and Australian wines are perhaps more palatable.
The local tap water is safe to drink, but if you are concerned, bottled water is readily available.
"For Australians, the idea of a flat white is foreign. A small black coffee is an espresso, a cappuccino is topped high with foam (not froth) and tea is served without milk."
The hot chocolate is to Belgian standards, and the fruit juice is expensive but excellent.
Many reef dives occur throughout the year and injuries due to any of these causes on the reef are rare.
However, you should follow the advice of authorities, observe all signs and pay particular attention to safety warnings.
Jellyfish occur inshore and near river mouths from October to April north of 1770, and occasionally outside this period.
Sharks do exist, but they rarely attack humans. Most sharks are afraid of humans and would swim away.
Freshwater crocodiles do not actively live in the sea, their primary habitat is in river mouths north of Rockhampton.
Advance booking gives the traveller the assurance that he will have a place to stay when he arrives at his destination.
Travel agencies often have deals with specific hotels, although you may also be able to book other types of accommodation, such as camping sites, through a travel agency.
Travel agents usually offer packages that include breakfast, transport to and from the airport or even a combination of flight and hotel.
They can also hold your reservation for you in case you need time to reconsider your offer or to obtain additional documents for your travel destination (e.g. visas).
However, any changes or queries should be directed to the travel agent and not the hotel directly.
At many festivals, the vast majority of festival-goers decide to camp on site, and most visitors see this as an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action, you need to get there early to get a campsite near the music.
Remember that music will still be played on parts of the festival until late at night, even if the music on the main stages has stopped.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you cross the northern Baltic in winter, check the position of the cabin, as the breaking of ice causes quite horrible noise for those most affected.
St Petersburg cruises also offer time for an onshore stay. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (see conditions).
Casinos are usually designed to keep guests on the premises for as long as possible, spending as much money as possible. There are usually no windows or clocks, and exits can be hard to find.
They usually have a special offer of food, drink and entertainment to keep the guests happy and ensure they stay.
Some venues offer free alcoholic drinks, but intoxication impairs judgement and all good players know how important it is to stay sober.
Anyone who wants to drive in high latitudes or over mountain passes should expect snow, ice and temperatures below freezing.
On icy and snow-covered roads, the grip is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
In snowstorms, so much snow can fall in a very short time that you can get stuck.
Visibility may also be affected by falling or blowing snow, or by condensation or ice on the vehicle windows.
On the other hand, icy and snowy conditions are normal in many countries, and traffic continues largely uninterrupted throughout the year.
Safaris are perhaps the biggest tourist attraction in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
The term safari usually refers to a land trip to observe the overwhelming African animal world, especially in the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to get close to cars, and the standard equipment allows for a good view.
Lions, cheetahs and leopards are often shy and you can observe them better with a pair of binoculars.
A walking safari (also known as a "bushwalk", "walking safari" or "footing") is a hike that lasts either a few hours or several days.
The Paralympics will take place from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two summer Olympics, having already hosted the games in 1964.
If you've booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the postponement was announced, you could find yourself in a difficult situation.
Cancellation policies vary, but by late March, most cancellation policies were waived through July 2020, when the Olympics were scheduled.
It is estimated that most tickets for the event will cost between 2,500 yen and 130,000 yen, with an average ticket costing around 7,000 yen.
Ironing damp clothes can help dry them. Many hotels rent irons and ironing boards, even if you are not in the room.
If an iron is not available or you do not want to wear ironed socks, you can try using a hairdryer if one is available.
Be careful not to overheat the fabric (this can cause it to shrink or, in extreme cases, cause burns).
There are various methods for purifying water, some of which are more effective in counteracting certain dangers.
In some areas, it is enough to boil water for one minute, in others it must be boiled for several minutes.
The effectiveness of filters varies widely, and if you have concerns, you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travellers may encounter pests that they are not familiar with from their home regions.
Pests can destroy food, cause irritations or, in the worst case, even trigger allergic reactions, administer poison or transmit diseases.
Infectious diseases as such or dangerous animals that can injure or kill humans with violence are usually not classified as pests.
Duty-free shopping is the opportunity to buy goods that are exempt from taxes and consumption taxes in certain places.
Travellers whose destination country has high taxes can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, particularly on products such as alcoholic drinks and tobacco.
The stretch between Point Marion and Fairmount on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway is the biggest driving challenge, as it often goes through remote, unsettled terrain.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, stay alert: steep slopes, narrow roads and sharp bends are common here.
The speed limits given are noticeably lower than in the preceding and following sections - usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and their strict adherence is even more important than usual.
But interestingly, cell phone coverage is much better here than in many other parts of the route, such as the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German pastries are quite tasty. In Bavaria they are quite nutritious and varied, as are those of our southern neighbour Austria.
Fruit cake is common, with apples being cooked into cake all year round and cherries and plums being used in the summer.
Many German baked goods also contain almonds, hazelnuts or other nuts. Popular cakes often go particularly well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want to make small but rich pastries, try what is called a Berliner, a pancake or a doughnut, depending on the region.
A curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, together with either meat or vegetables.
Depending on the amount of liquid, a curry can be either "dry" or "moist".
In the interior of northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
With a choice of 17,000 islands, Indonesian food is an umbrella term that encompasses a wide variety of regional cuisines found throughout the country.
However, when used without further attributes, the term generally refers to the food that originated in the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
The Javanese cuisine, which is now widespread throughout the island group, offers a variety of simply seasoned dishes. The Javanese prefer to use peanuts, chili, sugar (especially Javanese coconut blossom sugar) and a range of aromatic spices as flavorings.
Martingales are aids for the feet of riders, which hang down on both sides of the saddle.
They give the rider more stability, but there are safety concerns because the rider's feet could get caught in them.
If a rider falls off a horse and gets their foot caught in the stirrup, they can be dragged along if the horse runs on. To minimise this risk, a number of safety measures can be taken.
First of all, most riders wear riding boots with a heel and a smooth, fairly narrow sole.
In addition, some saddles, particularly English saddles, have safety stirrup leathers that allow a stirrup to fall from the saddle as soon as it is pulled backwards by a falling rider.
The Cochamó Valley - Chile's premier climbing destination, known as South America's Yosemite, with a plethora of big granite walls and cliffs.
The peaks offer a breathtaking view. Climbers from all over the world are always discovering new routes along the walls, which offer endless possibilities.
Downhill sports such as skiing and snowboarding are popular sports where you attach skis or a snowboard to your feet and slide down a slope over a snow-covered surface.
Skiing is a popular travel activity with many enthusiasts, sometimes known as "ski bums," who plan their entire vacation around skiing at a particular location.
The idea of skiing is very old – cave paintings depicting skiers date back to 5000 BC!
The origins of skiing as a sport go back at least to the 17th century and in 1861 the first recreational ski club in Australia was opened by Norwegians.
Backcountry skiing with a backpack: This activity is also called ski touring or ski mountaineering.
It is similar to alpine touring skiing or mountaineering, but does not necessarily include it, as the latter is performed in steep terrain and requires much firmer skis and boots.
Think of the ski route as a comparable hiking route.
In good conditions, you are able to cover a bit more distance than when hiking - only very rarely will you reach the speed of cross-country skiing on well-maintained trails without a heavy backpack.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has numerous independent countries. Normally, if you want to travel through several countries, you would have to apply for several visas and go through several passport checks.
The Schengen area, however, works a bit like a country in this regard.
As long as you stay within this zone, you can normally cross the border without having to go through passport control again.
Accordingly, you do not need to apply for a visa for each of the Schengen member countries individually, which saves time, money and bureaucracy.
There is no universally accepted definition of what constitutes an antique, with some tax authorities defining goods as antiques if they are over 100 years old.
The definition has geographical variations, with the age of consent being lower in places such as North America than in Europe.
Handmade products could be described as "antique" even though they are younger than similar mass-produced products.
Reindeer husbandry is an important source of livelihood for the Sámi, and the culture surrounding the trade is also important for many who work in other professions.
In the past, not all Sámi have raised reindeer on a large scale, but have lived on fishing, hunting and the like. They kept reindeer mainly as draft animals.
Today, many Sámi work in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in Sápmi, the Sámi region.
"Even if the term 'gypsy' is used mainly by non-Roma, it is often perceived as offensive because it is associated with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of the Roma."
If a travel advisory is issued for the country you are visiting, your travel health insurance or travel cancellation insurance may be affected.
You can also consult the advice of other governments, but their advice is tailored to their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East may be facing different situations than Europeans or Arabs.
Briefings are just a brief summary of the political situation in a country.
The views presented are often superficial, general and oversimplified in comparison to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
A storm is the collective term for any dangerous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, severe social disruption or loss of life.
Storms can occur anywhere in the world and there are different types of storms that depend on geography, topography and atmospheric conditions.
Strong winds, hail, excessive rainfall and forest fires are forms and effects of storms, as well as thunderstorms, tornadoes, flash floods and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal weather phenomena include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms and dust storms.
Travellers are being urged to keep an eye on any kind of weather that affects their area as it could impact on all travel plans.
Anyone planning to travel to a country that is considered a war zone should have professional training.
"A web search for 'courses in hostile environments' is likely to reveal the address of a local firm."
A course will usually cover all the issues discussed here in much more detail, usually in combination with practical experience.
A course is usually between 2 and 5 days long and includes role-playing, a lot of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
There are many books and journals on survival in the wilderness, but few publications on war zones.
Travellers planning gender reassignment surgery overseas must ensure they have valid travel documents for their return journey.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with a gender marker of "X" or documents that have been updated to reflect the desired name and gender varies.
The willingness of foreign governments to recognize these documents is also very different.
Searches at security checkpoints have also become far more intrusive since September 11, 2001.
Transgender people before their surgery should not expect their privacy and dignity to be intact when passing through the scanners.
Rip currents are the returning flow of waves breaking on the beach, often at reefs or the like.
Due to the underwater topography, the backwash is concentrated in a few deeper areas and a fast current can form there, all the way down to deep water.
Most deaths occur from exhaustion while trying to swim against the current, which can prove impossible.
When you get out of the current, swimming back is not more difficult than normal.
Try to get somewhere where you won't be caught again, alternatively, depending on your abilities and whether you have been spotted, you might want to wait for rescue.
The re-entry shock comes earlier than the culture shock (the honeymoon phase is not so pronounced), lasts longer and can be more serious.
Travellers who find it easy to adapt to a new culture sometimes find it particularly difficult to adapt to their culture of origin.
When you come back from a stay abroad, you have adapted to a different culture and dropped some of the behaviours of your home culture.
When you first travelled abroad, people were probably patient and understanding because they knew that travellers have to adjust to a new country.
One might not expect that patience and understanding are also required towards returning travellers.
The sound and light show at the pyramids is one of the most interesting attractions for children in the area.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and while it's quiet, before the show starts.
Normally, you can hear the sounds of tourists and vendors all the time. The story of the sounds and the light is just like a storybook.
The Sphinx is used as a background and narrator of a long story.
The scenes are depicted on the pyramids, with the various pyramids being lit up.
The South Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several countries and have the most stations, with 16 active in 2020.
The archipelago is located 120 km north of the peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement Villa Las Estrellas.
Other islands include Livingston Island and Deception, where the flooded caldera of an active volcano provides a spectacular natural harbour.
Ellsworth Land is the region south of the peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea.
The peninsula's mountain range here transitions into the plateau and then rises again to form the 360 km long chain of Ellsworth Mountains, which are bisected by the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern part or the Sentinel Range has the highest mountains in Antarctica, the Vinson Massif, whose highest peak is Mount Vinson at 4,892 m.
In remote areas without cell phone coverage, a satellite phone may be the only option.
A satellite phone is not a replacement for a mobile phone, as you need to be outside and in clear line of sight of a satellite to make a call.
The service is commonly used by ships, including pleasure craft, as well as expeditions that require data and voice communications.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to provide further information on connecting to this service.
An increasingly popular option for people planning to take a gap year are study and course opportunities abroad.
This is especially popular with school leavers as it allows them to take a gap year before university without it affecting their studies.
In many cases, participation in an overseas gap year program can actually improve your chances of attending college in your home country.
As a rule, a tuition fee is charged for enrolment in these educational programmes.
Finland is a great destination for boating trips. The "land of a thousand lakes" also has thousands of islands - in the lakes and in the coastal archipelagos.
You don't necessarily need a yacht for the archipelagos and lakes.
Even if the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes are indeed large enough for any yacht, smaller boats or even kayaks offer a different experience.
Boating is the national pastime in Finland, with one in six or eight people owning a boat.
This is comparable to Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (in the Netherlands, for example, the ratio is one to forty).
Most pure Baltic cruises include a longer stay in St. Petersburg, Russia.
This means that you can visit the historic city for several whole days, returning in the evening to stay on the ship.
If you only go ashore during the boat excursions, you do not need a separate visa (as of 2009).
Some cruises advertise Berlin, Germany as a destination in their brochures. As you can see on the map above, Berlin is far from the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Flying can be a daunting experience for people of any age and from any walk of life, especially if they have never flown before or have had a traumatic experience.
There is nothing to be ashamed of: it is nothing more than the personal fears and antipathies that many people have.
Learning more about how airplanes work and what happens during a flight can help some people overcome the fear that comes with the unknown or the feeling of being out of control.
Courier companies are well paid for the fast delivery of things. Often, time is a very important factor in business documents, commercial goods or spare parts for urgent repairs.
On some routes the larger airlines use their own planes, but on other routes and with smaller airlines, difficulties have arisen.
When they shipped things by air freight, unloading and customs clearance on some routes could take several days.
The only way to get it through quicker was to send it as unaccompanied baggage, and airline rules don't allow bags to be sent without a passenger, which is where you come in.
The obvious method of flying first or business class is to fork out a lot of money for the privilege (or, even better, get your company to pay for it).
However, this is not cheap: as a rough guide, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business class, and eleven times for first class!
In general, it is pointless to look for discounts on direct flights from A to B, even for business or first class seats.
Airlines know full well that there is a core group of flyers who are willing to pay a premium to get to their destination quickly and comfortably, and they charge accordingly.
The capital of Moldova is Chisinau. The local language is Romanian, but many people also speak Russian.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
This conflict led to the establishment of the self-proclaimed Republic of Transnistria in eastern Moldova in 1994, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognised by any UN member state.
Despite the failure of political negotiations, economic relations between these two parts of the Republic of Moldova have been restored.
The most important religion in Moldova is Christian Orthodox.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul and a very good transport hub.
The former ancient city of Smyrna is now a modern, progressive and busy commercial center, located on a vast bay and surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, glazed buildings and modern shopping centres are characterised by classic red-tiled roofs, the 18th-century market and old mosques and churches, although the city exudes more of a Mediterranean European atmosphere than that of traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvík offers views of the nearby island of Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
There are some interesting marble sculptures of doves on some of the graves in the cemetery.
It is worth taking a half hour stroll through the fascinating village.
To the north and in close proximity is the romantic and fascinating town of Sintra, which became known to foreigners after Lord Byron described its beauty in vivid colours.
The Scotturb bus 403 runs regularly to Cabo da Roca and Sintra.
Also in the north, visit the great Shrine of Our Lady of the Rosary of Fatima (pilgrimage site) - a place world-famous for its Marian apparitions.
Please remember that you are visiting a mass grave site and a place that is of almost immeasurable significance to a large part of the world's population.
There are still many men and women alive who survived the time here, and many more with relatives who were murdered there or worked to death, Jews and non-Jews alike.
Please treat this site with the dignity, awe and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not deface the site by applying or scratching graffiti.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the inhabitants prefer Catalan, the vast majority understand it, and almost everyone can speak Spanish.
However, most signs are only in Catalan, as it is legally established as the first official language.
Still, Spanish is also widely spoken in public transportation and other facilities.
Normal announcements on the metro are made exclusively in Catalan, but unforeseen disruptions are reported by an automated system in a variety of languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are said to be self-centred, rude and arrogant.
Even if this is often just an inaccurate cliché, one finds oneself in Paris best if one shows his best side and behaves like someone who is "bien élevé" (well-bred). This will make things considerably easier.
The gruff exterior of the Parisians disappears very quickly when you show basic manners.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, with mainly beech, spruce and fir trees, and offers a mix of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
Thanks to its numerous microclimates, different soils and alternating altitudes, it has a remarkably large variety of plant communities.
The area is also home to a very large variety of animal and bird species.
There are rare fauna such as European brown bears, wolves, eagles, owls, lynx, wild cats and capercaillie, as well as many generally more common species.
When visiting the monasteries, women must wear skirts that reach above the knee and cover their shoulders.
While most monasteries will have wrap dresses for women who come unprepared, if you bring your own, especially one in bright colors, the monk or nun at the entrance will give you a smile.
Similarly, men must wear trousers that reach above the knee.
These can also be borrowed from stock at the entrance, but the clothes are not washed after each user, so you might not feel comfortable in these skirts. There is one size for all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, like that of similar Mediterranean regions, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (especially pork) and always uses olive oil.
A simple popular dinner, especially in the summer, is Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any ingredient available like cheese, tuna etc.
"All nouns, next to the word you, always start with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence."
This is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
It does make reading easier, but writing is somewhat difficult because you have to determine whether a verb or adjective is being used as the main word.
Italian pronunciation is relatively easy, as most words are pronounced exactly as they are spelled.
The most important letters to watch out for are c and g, as their pronunciation varies depending on the following vowel.
"Also, pay attention to the difference in pronunciation between r and rr: caro means "love," while carro means "chariot."
Persian has a relatively simple and mostly regular grammar.
Therefore, reading this introductory grammar would help you learn a lot about Persian grammar and understand sentences better.
If you speak a Romance language, it is of course easier to learn Portuguese.
However, people who speak some Spanish might be quick to conclude that Portuguese is so similar that it doesn't need to be learned separately.
Pre-modern observatories are now usually no longer in operation and serve as museums or educational sites.
As light pollution was not the problem it is today during their heyday, they are usually located in cities or university campuses, which are easier to access than those built more recently.
Most modern research telescopes are huge facilities in remote locations with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Viewing cherry blossoms, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
The concept originated in China, where peach blossoms are the flower of choice.
In Japan, the first cherry blossom festivals were held by the emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy in the vicinity of the imperial court.
"Plants look best in their natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even one."
If you visit a formal garden and "sample" it, you will also be thrown out without discussion.
Singapore is generally an extremely safe place to be, where you can get around easily and buy almost anything upon arrival.
As you are in the extreme tropics and only a few degrees north of the equator, you need to expect both heat (all the time) and strong sun (when the sky is clear, less often).
There are also a few buses that head north to Hebron, the traditional burial site of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and their wives.
Make sure the bus you want to take goes to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good basis for planning a holiday.
For example, castle tours in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley or a cruise to interesting cities on the Danube or a boat trip along the Erie Canal.
They also represent popular hiking and cycling routes.
In Christianity, Christmas is one of the most important holidays and is considered the birthday of Jesus.
Many of the traditions around the holiday have also been adopted by non-believers in Christian and non-Christian countries around the world.
There is a tradition of spending Easter night at some open place to see the sunrise.
There are of course Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could also be a pre-Christian spring and fertility ritual.
More traditional churches often hold an Easter Vigil on Saturday evening, during the Easter weekend, with the celebrations often starting at midnight, when the resurrection of Christ is celebrated.
All the animals that originally arrived on the islands came here either by swimming, flying or being washed up.
Due to the great distance from the mainland, mammals were not able to make the journey, which made the giant tortoise the main prey animal on the Galapagos Islands.
Since the first humans arrived on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, rats, cats and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in winter, you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This provides a good opportunity to see the Northern Lights, as the sky is more or less dark all around the clock.
As the areas are sparsely populated and light pollution is often not a problem, you can also enjoy the starry sky.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what Westerners may be used to.
Suits are part of the standard business attire and colleagues address each other by their family names or job titles.
Workplace harmony is critical, with the focus more on team performance than on praising individual achievements.
Often, employees must seek approval from their supervisors for any decision they make, and they are expected to follow their bosses' instructions unconditionally.
