This document conforms to the provisions of the "General Guidelines for Standardization Work" (GB/T 1.1-202) in the "Department" section: "Rules for the Structure and Drafting of Standardization Documents".
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology "The Chinese Coded Character Set and Comparison with GB 18030-2005, except for structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main changes are as follows:
The scope of this document has been expanded (see Chapter 1),
In the bi-byte encoding area, the positions of the GB/I 13000 code corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese components have been changed, and except for 6 Chinese components with repeated codes and 9 Chinese characters with repeated codes (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 version),
18 GB/T 13000 code positions were changed in the four-byte code area (see Appendix D, 2005 version of Appendix D);
The appendix "Additional Chinese Characters and Radicals/Components" was deleted from the 2005 edition, and
"Increased the level of achievement" (see draft No. 9).
The information appendix "General Standard Chinese Character Table; Code Position of Characters" has been added; see Appendix D.
Please note that some of the content of this document may involve patents. The publisher of this document is not responsible for identifying patents.
This document is proposed by and under the administration of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The following is the release history of this document and its predecessor documents:
The first edition was published in 2000 as GB 18030-2000, and the first revision was made in 2005. This is the second revision.
GB 18030 一 2022
Information Enhancement "Chinese Encoded Character Set"
This document specifies the Chinese graphic characters and binary codes for information technology, and their hexadecimal representation.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input, and output of graphic characters information in Chinese and other languages.
This document applies to technical products that have the function of processing and exchanging information in Chinese and other graphic characters, including but not limited to software products such as input method, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text conversion, and word processing, and also to products such as computers, communication terminal devices, e-book readers, and learning machines.
2 Normative References
The following documents form an integral part of this document by means of normative references contained therein.
Of these, a citation with a date of issue applies only to the version corresponding to that date; a citation without a date of issue applies to the most recent factory version (including all amendments) of the document.
GB/T 2312-1980 "Character set for information interchange in Chinese" Basic set
GB/I 11383-1989 Information Processing "Information exchange using an eight-bit code structure and encoding rules"
GB/T 13000 Information technology - Universal multiple-octet coded character set (UCS)
3 Terminology and definitions
The following definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character
An element in a set of elements that is used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Show the character (3.1) and its encoding.
3.3 Private use area
Users of products that conform to this document may define their own regions.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A specified character set (3.1) represented by a code point set (3.2).
3.5 Protected zone
Leave as the area provided for in this document in the future.
GB 18030 一 2022
4-word summary
4.1 Overview
The characters in this document are encoded in single, double, or quadruple byte.
The single-byte part contains all 128 characters from 0x00 to 0x7F of GB/T 11383-1989.
4.3 The two-byte part
The double-byte portion includes all graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, CJK Unified Han characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
The characters in the double-byte part are defined according to Appendix A.
In particular, the graphic, code position and function of the symbolic character description should conform to the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract shapes are assigned a separate code position; characters with the same abstract shape but different origins are assigned a shared code position.
The encoded characters are called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 The four-byte part
The four-byte part includes 66 CJK Unified Ideographs in GB/T 13000 (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding the 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB) other than the above two-byte characters, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion A, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion B, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion C, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion D, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion E, CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion F, and characters of ethnic minority scripts that have been encoded in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the four-octet part are specified in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the main text, the ones preceded by 0x are in hexadecimal format, and the ones not preceded by 0x are in decimal format.
The Appendix uses hexadecimal notation for all coded representations, and decimal notation for all other representations.
The single-byte part uses the coding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using code points 0x00 to 0x7F.
The bi-character Gong part uses two eight-bit binary positions to represent a character, with the first byte code ranging from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the second byte code ranging from 0x40 to 0x7E, and 0x80 to 0xFE.
The four-byte part uses 0x30 to 0x39, which are not used in GB/T 11383-1989, as a suffix to expand the two-byte code, and the encoding range is from 0x81308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The first character of a four-character string is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; the second character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39; the third character is encoded in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; and the fourth character is encoded in the range of 0x30 to 0x39. That is, 0x81308130 to 0x81308139; 0x81308230 to 0x81308239; 0x8130FEFE30 to 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 to 0x81318139; "0URo23061393" to 0xFE39FE30; 0xFE39FE39 to 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code position range are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
The sequence of the 6 characters
6.1 Alphabetical order of individual character brushes
The single-character record section is arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 The order of arrangement of the characters in the bi-glyph department
The order of characters in the lower part of the double word shall conform to Appendix A.
6.3 The order of characters in the four-character brush stroke
From 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, there are 50400 code points, corresponding to all characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane that are not included in the bi-character part, arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1058400 code points are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, and the character arrangement sequence is arranged in sequence according to the corresponding code point sequence of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The order of the four-character elements should conform to Appendix C.
7-bit allocation
1. Code allocation for single-character city parts
The code positions of the single-byte part are allocated according to the rules in GB/T 11383-1989.
The allocation of single-byte code points is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code position allocation for the double-digit part
The byte pairing arrangement of the two-byte portion is divided into two parts: 0x8140 to 0xFE7E and 0x8180 to 0xFEFE, with a total of 23,940 code points.
The allocation of the two byte code positions is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 code points
Two-byte 1st octet: 846 bits
SS WA and RS Binning Day 3, Sector 6080, Code Position
Byte 0xA8 to 0xA9, 2-byte sector 5: 192 code positions
3. Two-letter vegetable part code space structure diagram
Table 2: Code position arrangement of the bi-character hearing aid
Human code range
Code position allocation for the four-character brush section
The four-character part includes Chinese characters and some minority ethnic scripts.
The allocation of the four-bit person code is shown in Table 3.
The allocation of the four-bit supplementary code elements not specified in Table 3 is given in 6.3.
Table 3: Code position arrangement of the four-character hearing section
Bit position range
Table 3: Bit assignment for the four-byte part (continued)
Bit position Bit range Digit character
The range from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 is reserved for user-defined codes, with a total of 25200 code points.
The other four bytes of unused code are reserved for future file extensions.
Part 8: Description of characters and codes
Compared with GB 18030-2005, the shape of some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General Principles
This document defines three levels of implementation.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input/output functions for all characters within the scope of the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Achieving Level 1
Implement the CJK Unified Ideographs at level 1, including the single-byte coded part, bi-season coded part, and four-character bottom coded part of the file (i.e., 0x82358F33 to 0x82359636) and the CJK Unified Ideographs Expansion A (i.e., 0x8139EE39 to 0x82358738).
Any product covered by this document shall meet the requirements for level 1 conformance.
Note: Depending on the software application requirements, Level 1 can also support any one or more of the non-Chinese character types listed in Table 3.
9.3 Achieving Level 2
Level 2 includes Level 1.
In addition, it also achieves level 2 compliance for the encoding characters that are not included in the General Standard of Chinese Characters Table.
The code positions and shapes of the characters in the General Standardized Chinese Character Table) in this document are shown in the appendix.
System software and supporting software should meet the requirements of level 2.
Note: System software and application software include, but are not limited to, operating systems, database management systems, and middleware (for information on the classification of software products, see GB/T 36475).
9.4 Achieving Level 3
Level 3 includes Level 2.
In addition, the Level 3 realization also supports all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the Kanji radicals in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of Tier 3.
Note: The public service and communal service industry includes, but is not limited to, the railway transportation industry, road transportation industry, water transportation industry, air transportation industry, multimodal transportation and transportation agency industry, postal service industry, money and financial service industry, insurance industry, land management industry, health industry, national institutions, social security industry, etc. (For information on industry classification, see GB/T 4754).
Appendix A (normative)
Two-character string table
A.1 Table of contents
This table shows the shape and code of the two-byte encoded characters, as well as the position of the corresponding code in GB/T 13000.
A.2 Table description
Here is an example:
First byte, second byte low position
Double byte 3 area
Second byte high position GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (prescriptive)
Symbolic Description Characters
This appendix lists the 13 pictographic description symbols specified by GB/TI 13000 and provides their graphic codes and functional descriptions.
For specific details, see Table B.1.
Table B.1 provides a graphical, code positional, and functional description of the alphabetic characters used in the textual description of the symbols.
The bit positions of this document are similar but not identical to the bit positions of GB/T 13000, which are used to express foreign characters by borrowing characters.
Left and right structure
Up-down structure
Left, center, right structure
Upper Middle Lower structure
All-encompassing structure
Back to the encirclement structure
Back to the encirclement structure
Right enclosure structure
Right Lower Quadrant Encapsulation
Left Lower Enclosure Structure
Right upper encasement structure
Rental package structure
Appendix C (normative)
Four-character book character table
C.1 Table of contents
This table shows the shape and code of Chinese characters and some minority ethnic scripts, as well as the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code for the character, but the shape of other characters is omitted.
Explanation of Table C.2
Appendix D (Informative)
Description of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 positions of the GB/T 13000 code
B 18030 1 2005 specifies the provisional code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000, and these code positions have been adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Correspondence of adjusted codes (continued)
This document and the corresponding GB/T 13000 code points for GB 18030-2005
D.2 The six Hanzi components deleted in the Dianzi area
Table D.2 Code position and reserved characters
D.3 9 CJK Compatibility Ideographs deleted from the bottom right glyph range
This document deletes the 9 CJK ideographic characters in GB/TI 13000 included in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3: Deleted 9 CJK Compatibility Characters and their code positions
Appendix A (informative) Code positions for Chinese characters in the General Standardization of Chinese Characters
This document includes all 8105 standard characters in the 4th General Standard Character Set approved by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. The code positions and character shapes of these characters are shown in Table 1.
The order of Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the 4,000 commonly used characters in the General Standardization of Chinese Characters 》. Characters with serial number 1 are primary characters, characters with serial number 3500 are secondary characters, and characters with serial number 6500 are tertiary characters.
Table E.1 Code positions and shapes of characters in the General Standard Character Set
GB/ 工 4754 Industrial Classification of National Economy
GB/36475 Classification of software products
General Standard Character Set. State Council of the People's Republic of China (National Development and Reform Commission Notice [2013]23).
The content of this page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C Compiler, and is limited to explaining the meaning of options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain it, the EURo file is the authoritative document.
If you find any discrepancies between the pages of the manual and the software, please check the Info
If we find that the content of this manual page is causing significant confusion and complaints because it is outdated, we will stop publishing it. There is no other option, such as updating the Info file while updating the man page, because other work maintaining Gnu cc does not leave us time to do this. The GNU project considers the man page to be an outdated product and should spend its time elsewhere.
For a complete and up-to-date documentation, please refer to the Info file `gee' or the manual Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0). Both are derived from the original Texinfo file gee. texinfo.
The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They both require one or more of the four steps to process input files: preprocessing, compilation, assembly, and linking.
The suffix in the source file identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix controls the default settings:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) as a C file and sets the connection in C format,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a C++ file and sets up the connection in C++ form.
The suffix in the source file indicates the type of language and the post-processing:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i is a preprocessed C file; compile, assemble
.ii Preprocessed C++ files; compilation, assembly
.s assembly language source program; assembly
Compiling language source programs; preprocessing, assembly
.h preprocessor file; usually does not appear on the command line. Other files with the same suffix are passed to the linker. Typically includes:
.0 Object file
.a Archive File
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the entire process), linking is always the final step.
During linking, all the.e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, and unrecognizable filenames (including specified.o H symbolic files and.a library files) are passed to the linker options (OPTIONS) in the order they appear in the command line.
The options must be given separately: "de" is not the same as "-d -r".
Most of the `=-E: and `-W' options have two opposite formats: `-fname' and `-fno-name' (or `-Wname' and `-Wno-name').
Only the formats that are not the default are listed here.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in the following sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Specifies that the language of the file to be entered next is language (rather than the default selection derived from the file name).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next optional `-x' option .language
Close any explicit language indication, thus based on the file name after the file extension (the `-x' option after the post-processing of the file name).
If you only want to operate on a part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, linking), you can use the `-x' option (or the Ah file name) to tell geo where to start, and use the `-c', `-s', or `-E' options to tell geo where to end. Note that some combinations of options (for example, `-x cpp-output -E') tell geo to compile or assemble the source file, and if ETER. ERA ATI is not specified, GCC will use `.o' to replace the source file name with `.ec' as the target file name. You can use the `-o' option to choose other names. GCC ignores any unrecognizable input files after the `-ec' option.
The target file has been deleted.
Compilation stops when it is complete, without generating an assembly file.
Work with pipes instead of temporary files at different stages of the compilation process, because the assemblers of those systems cannot read data from pipes, while the GNU assembler does not have this problem. The assembler accepts a "dialect" of C that supports ANSI-compliant C programs.
This will close off some of the features keywords in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as the ANSI trigraph features that are rarely used, such as unix and vax, and the trigraph features that are not allowed even when the standard libraries are available in the hosted environment (e.g., main function returns an int value, typical examples are almost all programs except for the kernel. The corresponding freestanding environment does not have the standard libraries, and the program entry point is not necessarily main. The most obvious example is the operating system kernel. For more information, refer to the latest information on the gcc website)
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', treat them as C-style - i.e., do not specify the number or type of parameters. (This applies only to C++).
Normally, such a function foo in C++ means that the parameter is empty.
The节清单 is here extended to try to cover some of the aspects of traditional C compilers.
See the NU c manual for details, which we have removed to avoid people Googling it when the content becomes outdated.
There is one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing this to be assigned.
It is the same as the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional C preprocessor.
In particular, the above mentioned content about the preprocessor does not include the other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers Allows the use of `$' characters in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the "--no-dollars-in-identifiers" option to indicate that the use of the '$' symbol is prohibited.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' character by default on some target systems, but not on all.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversions from ant type to enumeration type (MEF C++).
Normally, GNU C++ allows a conversion from enum to int, but not the other way around.
-fexternal-—templates produces smaller code for template declarations (only for C++), by generating a copy of each template function only where it is defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark `#pragma implementation` (define) or `#pragma interface` (declare) in all files that use the template.
When compiling with the `-fexternal-templates' option, all template instantiations are external types. You must make the instances you need appear in the implementation files.
This can be achieved through a typedef, which references each instance as needed.
Correspondingly, if the default option `-fno-external-templates' is used at compile time, all template instances are explicitly set to be built-in.
All member functions (except for constructor functions and the mnew or delete member operators) are considered to be virtual functions of the class in which they are declared.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal vtable.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch allows the types of the second and third parameters of the condition expression to be mismatched.
The value of this kind of expression is Void.-fthis-—is-variable allows you to assign a value to this (C++ only).
Merging the user's custom free storage management mechanism into C++ makes the assignable `this` look out of place.
Therefore, by default, an assignment to this inside a class member function is an invalid operation.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this operation work by using the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, like unsigned char.
All machines have their own default char type, which can be either unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, when symbolic data dependencies are involved, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned char.
However, many programs are written to use only simple chars, and this is with a signed number (or unsigned, depending on the target machine where the program is written).
This option, and its opposite, make such a program work with the corresponding default value.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If no `signed' or `unsigned' modifier is explicitly declared, these options are used to define a signed or unsigned bit field.
By default, the bit fields are signed because the underlying integer types they inherit from, such as int, are signed. However, if the `-traditional' option is specified, the bit fields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in writable data segments and does not perform any special handling.
This is to maintain compatibility with some old programs, and they consider changing the string constant to be a very bad idea; the `-traditional' option also has the same effect.
Executive Summary
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
Its impact may be similar to the economic crisis of 2008
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed healthcare services, leading to near-collapse, and the restrictions imposed by governments have caused severe disruption to the global economy.
The impact of the pandemic on the drug market is unclear and difficult to predict, but it could be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers may have to find new routes and methods due to travel restrictions, which they are unable to cross.
The patterns of drug use and supply may change, and the government's ability to respond may also be hindered.
The changes brought about by COVID-19 are unprecedented, but we can still learn from past crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances and shifted to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut budgets related to drugs.
If governments respond to the current economic recession in the same way, interventions to prevent drug use and related risky behaviors, as well as detoxification and rehabilitation services, could be severely impacted.
In addition, the priority given to interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Some countries have a large amount of drugs smuggled through commercial flights, and it is expected that these countries will be most directly affected by drug trafficking activities.
Messengers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in their backpacks or hide them in their personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. With restrictions on air travel in place almost everywhere, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs may be completely disrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, activities involving trafficking using the dark web and parcel post may increase.
In the long run, the economic recession and related lockdown measures could disrupt the drug market.
Due to the rising unemployment rate and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people are more likely to use drugs in a harmful way, develop drug addiction, and turn to illicit activities related to drugs, whether it is production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to offer services to vulnerable people and recruit new members to grow their ranks.
As government capacity to respond diminishes, these shifts are likely to take root quickly, becoming the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth pattern partly explains the reason for market expansion
Drug use is increasing worldwide, both in terms of the overall number of users and the proportion of the world's population that uses drugs.
In 2009, it was estimated that there were 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged between 15 and 64. In 2018, it was estimated that there were 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3% of this population.
During the past two decades, the growth of drug use in developing countries has been much faster than in developed countries.
This reflects to some extent the differences in overall population growth during this period, with 7% in developed countries and 28% in developing countries, but also the faster growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population in this age group in developing countries grew by 16%, while it decreased by 10% in developed countries.
Urbanization is a driving factor in the current and future drug markets.
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more prevalent in urban areas than in rural areas.
Part of the reason for the overall increase in drug use is the massive shift of population from rural to urban areas, with more than half of the world's population now living in urban areas, compared to 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, particularly in developing countries where urbanization is more pronounced.
The increase in wealth is associated with an increase in drug use, but the burden of disease is greatest among the poorest people worldwide, and drug use is more common in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are even more firmly associated with the world's wealthier regions.
Similarly, within countries, the drug use prevalence rate is higher among the wealthy segments of society.
However, the rate of conversion to drug addiction is higher among people with lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a few countries suggest that there is a link between harmful drug use patterns and disease and low income.
These patterns seem less common in wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks faced by the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as an increase in unemployment, have traditionally been associated with an increase in drug use, while the pandemic has already led to the unemployment of millions of people around the world.
The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to further expansion of the drug market. The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in the cultivation of illicit crops, either because the state authorities' control capacity has decreased or because, in the face of economic crisis, more people may be forced to take risks and engage in illicit activities.
The related restrictions on COVID-19 have led to a reduction in air and land transportation, and as a result, maritime trafficking may have increased. The risk of interception at sea is lower, and there are more shipments than by air or land.
Recently, there have been reports that cocaine is being transported directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Complexity increased
The situation with non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but the emergence of new types of opioids with potential risks is increasing the complexity of the drug market.
In addition to plant substances such as marijuana, cocaine, and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of drugs is also rapidly increasing.
There are about 500 new active substances on the domestic market in member states each year.
Currently, the majority of these substances are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid agonists and a small amount of opioids.
Although the total number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportions have changed.
Of the total number of new psychoactive substances identified in 2014, only 2% were new psychoactive substances of the opioid type, but by 2018 this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances in the opioid family are similar to fentanyl, and their effects and dangers have been proven, leading to overdose deaths in North America, and to a lesser extent in other regions.
In North America, fentanyl is used as a cutting agent for heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, and is also used to manufacture counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
There is evidence that injection of new psychoactive substances is also a phenomenon in Europe: a study of waste residues from syringes in six European cities found that many of the syringes contained new psychoactive substances that have a stimulant effect.
The use of new psychoactive substances may become firmly entrenched in vulnerable groups over time.
New psychoactive substances of a single type have almost never formed a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups in society, such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with synthetic cannabinoids identified as the main challenge in most of these countries.
Controls on precursor chemicals have forced drug makers to innovate. Many chemicals that were most commonly used as precursors to synthesize amphetamine, methamphetamine, and "ecstasy" and other drugs have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and manufacturers have been looking for alternatives, not only substances with less regulation, but also chemicals designed specifically to evade regulation, known as "tailor-made precursors."
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to put further pressure on drug manufacturers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this has become a reality: in March 2020, a shortage of methylphenidate precursors imported from East Asia reportedly led to a rise in the price of methylphenidate in both Mexico and the United States.
The market is constantly changing.
Synthetic drugs replace opioids in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opioid market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The quantity of opiates intercepted by the authorities of the Russian Federation has decreased by about 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for the use of opioids has decreased significantly.
But the market for performance-enhancing drugs seems to be growing.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including ephedrine and a-pyrrolidinopentiophenone, are now readily available on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities reported that the number of secret manufacturing sites for various illicit drugs seized recently has risen sharply, more than doubling in two years, reaching 152 sites in 2018.
Methamphetamine markets grow in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions had already revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal methamphetamine has become a major drug of concern, in addition to "fenethylline" and quomamdo,
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug users saying that marijuana was harder to obtain than "Percocet" or methamphetamine.
Recently, Iraqi authorities have discovered multiple methamphetamine processing sites, and the International Narcotics Control Board has expressed concern about the large-scale importation of pseudoephedrine preparations, which are used as precursors in methamphetamine processing.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacture seems to have begun in 2014.
Since then, seizures of methamphetamine have been steadily increasing.
However, the seizure volume in the first half of 2019 was 657 kg - a significant increase compared to the previous year.
Large quantities of methamphetamine believed to originate from Afghanistan have been seized in other countries, indicating that production in that country is rapidly increasing.
Policy changes and trends in change
The majority of jurisdictions that have legalized non-medical cannabis use have seen an increase in cannabis use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay, and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since its legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical cannabis use.
In Colorado and Washington, the two states in the United States that first passed legislation, the number of adults using marijuana for non-medical purposes has increased, especially in the past month and those who use it daily or almost daily, which has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that cannabis use in Uruguay has increased since 2011, with usage almost doubling last month.
This indicates that the main reason for the increase is the regular and frequent use of cannabis.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, use was also increasing.
However, in 2019, 40% of cannabis users still obtained some products from illegal sources.
Is the global drop in the seizure of cannabis herb due to the legalization of cannabis?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years, due to a decline in seizures in North America, which fell by 84% over the past decade.
In contrast, seizures in other parts of the world during the same period almost doubled. The pattern of seizures indicates that policies aimed at liberalizing the marijuana market played a key role in the decline.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances seems to have a deterrent effect. It is still difficult to assess the effectiveness of the regulation of new psychoactive substances in the country.
Some countries that have different regulatory systems for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of use of new psychoactive substances.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased following the adoption of domestic legislation.
Vulnerable populations face harm from both the legal and illegal drug markets. The use of opioids for pain management and palliative care is primarily available in high-income countries. The distribution of pain medication is uneven across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all pharmaceutical opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
Approximately 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
The population of these countries accounts for about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that the population of low- and middle-income countries accounts for 88% of the global population, but consumes less than 10% of the pharmaceutical opioids.
Obstacles to obtaining prescription opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, the health system, and prescribing practices.
The poorer the person, the higher the risk of drug addiction. In 2018, around 35.6 million people suffered from drug addiction.
Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization may increase the risk of and exacerbate the consequences of drug addiction. This has been confirmed by studies in high-income countries, where the socio-economic trajectory of individuals is not only related to their status at a given point in time, but also to the risk of drug addiction.
Drug addiction also deepens socio-economic disadvantage, further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thus fuelling a vicious cycle of disadvantage. These outcomes may also be related to the stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, sexual and gender diverse groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and those living in rural environments may also be disproportionately affected by drug addiction or face problems accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy years of life lost due to disability and premature death, harmful drug use has had a wider social impact over the past 10 years.
From 2007 to 2018, the global disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) attributable to drug use increased by 17%.
The increase in the number of years of life adjusted for disability associated with hepatocellular carcinoma caused by untreated hepatitis C among injecting drug users is particularly high - up to 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex, and it is difficult to establish a causal link between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggests that intoxication may be an important factor in homicides.
But in violent incidents, alcohol's role seems to be greater than that of drugs.
While drug use may lead to crime, in some cases this link can be partly attributed to a range of intervening factors, such as socio-economic disadvantage, and other types of adversity resulting from individual risk factors, family environment and peer influences.
The connection between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure in place, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, can be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the existence and degree of violence is more dependent on changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized crime groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group in favor of another, rather than on the quantity of trafficking.
Latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most dangerous
It is estimated that 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most widely used drug in the world.
By comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
However, the related hazards of opioids are ignored due to their lesser use.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug abuse in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances, and 50% of the estimated 21 million years of life lost due to disability or premature death believed to be caused by drug abuse were caused by these substances.
The non-medical use of synthetic opioids has exacerbated the public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, the crisis is aggravated by methadone; in North America, it is by fentanyl. The two regions have almost nothing in common in terms of economic, demographic, or drug use patterns, but they are both struggling to combat the opioid crisis fueled by the easy availability and low production costs of these substances.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to a 20-year increase in opioid overdose deaths.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada also reported similar results, but with lower numbers.
Part of the reason that fentanyl causes overdose deaths is the unpredictable potency of fentanyl in the illicit drug market.
The market for non-medical use of khat has grown significantly in West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa.
In the region, more and more patients with the disease are receiving treatment with Qumado.
In 2017, the global seizure of fentanyl increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.
However, in 2018, after India passed a new law regulating ketamine, global seizures dropped to 32 tons.
The crises in these two locations were caused by the manufacture of simple and low-cost products, as well as the lack of international regulation of ketamine and many other Fentanyl-like substances or their precursors.
What exacerbates the crisis in these two regions is that these substances are available on the pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
Use of stimulants is increasing
The drug of choice in this area is cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are on the rise in their main markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, as cocaine is very popular in North America and Western Europe.
Approximately 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most commonly used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, methamphetamine use has been expanding in both regions for the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes even substituting for each other. When the use of one drug increases, the use of the other decreases, and sometimes both increase and decrease simultaneously to meet the demands of the same market.
COVID-19 increases the risk for injecting drug users
It is estimated that there were about 11.3 million people who injected drugs in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million injection drug users are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million have hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died from drug use, half of whom died from liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and most of the injecting drug users with hepatitis C have not been treated.
The shortage of opioids caused by COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to substitute them with more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injection or inject more frequently, more harmful patterns of use may emerge.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Instructions for use
Product Introduction
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it in a safe place.
The headphones themselves come with a medium-sized earplug, so you can remove them if you find them uncomfortable.
01 Put on headphones
Gently push the earbuds down into your ear canal at an angle, making sure the headphones don't move around on your head.
When talking on the phone, the microphone of the headset should be positioned near the mouth for clearer communication.
When switching to speaker mode, please remember to adjust the microphone protruding from the earphone.
Before using the device with charging, please tear off the webs on the charging points of the left and right earphones, and fully charge the charging box and earphones.
The charging cable can be inserted to charge both the headphones and the charging case at the same time.
The charging indicator light remains on when the charging box is not fully charged. When the charging box is fully charged, the indicator light turns off.
While charging the headphones, the headphones' indicator light will flash red and remain on until the headphones are fully charged, and the indicator light will turn off 1 minute after the headphones are fully charged.
02 Charging and Bootup
The headphones are in the charging case, and they automatically turn on when you take them out of the case.
If the headphones are not in the charging case and have been turned off, press and hold the multifunction button for about 1 second (the white light will turn on for 1 second).
Hold for about 1 second
White light is on for 1 second
Shutdown
Insert it into the charging case, and the earphones will automatically turn off.
In the on state, press and hold the multi-function button for about 5 seconds (red light is on for 2 seconds)
Hold down for about 5 seconds.
Human Red Light Long Light 2 Machine
03 Start using it
Auto-pairing: the station pairs the two headphones from outside the charging box.
The two GTOs started automatically, and the white lights lit up.
The red and white lights then flickered six times. The left and right pouches seemed to be connected in series.
Wait for the left/right earbud LED to flash. Open the device settings and search for "RedmIArDots2" and click "OK."
After the first connection, the Fanvil phone will automatically reconnect to the last paired device (Bluetooth must be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the headphones back in the charging case and repeat the above steps.
Long press for about 1 second to turn on
Headset indicator light
Freely switch between one ear and two ears; when both earphones are connected successfully, they are in dual-connect mode; when you put either earphone back into the charging case to turn it off, the other earphone enters single-ear mode, and it will automatically return to dual-ear mode when you take it out again.
Manual connection: Turn on the headphones manually when they are turned off. The white light will turn on, followed by the flashing of the white and red lights. The left and right headphones will be automatically connected. Wait for the white light on the left and right headphones to flash slowly, and then turn on the device and search for the Bluetooth connection.
Resetting the headphones
If the headphones cannot be used normally, reset them according to the following method.
Headphones: Take the headphones out of the charging case, and while the device is turned off, press and hold the multi-function button on both headphones for 15 seconds until the red and white lights flash three times. Then release the buttons and put the headphones back in the charging case (to clear the pairing record between the headphones and the phone).
The product accessories, user interface, and other illustrations in the manual are for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the illustrations. Please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Fengxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi ecosystem enterprises)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongli District, Chongqing
The phone number is 400-100-5678.
For information related to Benyang Operation, please refer to the sales network: www.micom
The book of the Song of Songs says: V10reae
Key features
The following functions can be operated on either earphone. Answer a call by pressing lightly; play/pause audio during a call or when on hold; and release by pressing and holding for about 1 second.
Double-click to switch to headphones/mobile phone when the call is declined or when the phone call is in progress.
Mute/Unmute during a call
When idle, activate voice assistant (requires device support for voice function and quick wake-up setting is turned on)
Answer the second call and switch between calls
When you are on a mobile call, you can click the multifunction key to keep the previous call active and answer the second incoming call by clicking the multifunction key again. Double-clicking the multifunction key allows you to switch between two calls.
Basic parameters
Product Name: Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Product Model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the headphones
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameters: 5V 2 100mA
Single ear weight: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free open space environment)
Wireless connectivity: Bluetooth 5.0
Charging time: approximately 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Talk time: approximately 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
Warning
1 Do not disassemble, repair or modify the headphones for any reason, as this may cause the product to catch fire or become completely damaged;
2 Do not place the device in an environment with excessively low or high temperatures;
When using the device's indicator light, please avoid directing it into the eyes of children or animals.
4 Do not use this device in a thunderstorm, as thunderstorms can cause the device to malfunction and increase the risk of electrocution.
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to clean this product;
6 Do not allow the product to come into contact with liquids.
Notice
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 It is necessary to choose a reputable manufacturer and a charger that has passed the CCC certification of the country
3 Long-term continuous use of headphones may cause hearing loss, so please control the use time and volume reasonably;
Using headphones will reduce your perception of external sounds. Please do not use headphones in environments that may pose a safety risk.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5, 500mA
Output parameters: 5V, 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Battery Type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
Product Warranty Notice for Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones product after-sales service is strict
We provide after-sales service in accordance with the "Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests" and the "Law of the People's Republic of China on Product Quality", and the service content is as follows:
1. Warranty Policy
Within 7 days from the day after you receive the product, if the product exhibits a performance defect listed in the "Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Defect Table" and is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can enjoy a free return or exchange service;
2. If the product exhibits performance faults listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Fault Table" within 8-15 days after you receive it, and if the fault is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can
Within 12 months from the day after you receive the product, if the product exhibits a performance fault listed in the "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphone Product Performance Fault Table" and is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can enjoy free repair services.
A product performance failure table for the Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth earphones
Name Performance Failure
1 No sound during use.
The Bluetooth headset "2" has no sound when the other person is talking.
The battery cannot be charged.
07 Warranty Exclusions
1 Unauthorized repairs, misuse, collision, negligence, improper use, overfilling, accidents, modifications, or incorrect use of non-original accessories or tampering, defacing, or altering of security labels;
2. Has exceeded the three-month validity period;
Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Not in line with the performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Fault Table”
5. The product and its accessories may experience performance faults listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Earphones Product Performance Fault Table" due to human factors.
Name and content of harmful substances in the product
The hazardous substances are compiled according to the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates refugee policy; EU officials: reception process faces bottlenecks at every step - www.chinanews.com
EU summit is in constant disagreement over refugee policy; EU officials: every step in the reception process is a bottleneck
[Reporter of the Global Times stationed in Belgium, Ni Ruifeng] According to a report by Agence France-Presse on February 10, at the latest EU summit on that day, the President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, said that the EU leaders agreed to adopt stricter policies on illegal immigration, making it easier to expel illegal immigrants.
The move by the EU is reportedly in response to growing concerns over illegal immigration in Europe, where the core issue now is that the number of illegal immigrants who can ultimately be repatriated is very small.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize a significant amount of EU funds" to strengthen external borders with infrastructure and surveillance measures.
However, the EU and its member states have been embroiled in a dispute over the cost of the fence.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly stated that EU funds will not pay for the costs involved.
However, some diplomats from member states said that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers, and other infrastructure along its external borders, this would free up national budgets for the countries, thereby speeding up the construction process.
According to the European Euractiv website, EU officials admit that every step in the process of accepting refugees is fraught with bottlenecks. The limited capacity for accepting refugees and the overburdened immigration authorities in member states cannot stop refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications in EU countries. The EU's refugee acceptance system is in a state of near-permanent crisis.
According to the European Commission, the Schengen countries in the EU received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half compared to the previous year.
At the same time, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal border crossings last year.
In this context, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries can deport illegal immigrants back to their home countries based on a court ruling of another member country.
In addition, the report states that EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of safe countries," which will pave the way for the EU to establish a common list.
(Source: The Global Times, author: Nu Ri Fei)
The US escalation of the "chip war" deals a heavy blow to the global semiconductor industry - www.chinanews.com
Recently, the United States' "chip war" with China has been escalating rapidly - first, the Netherlands and Japan, under pressure from the United States, agreed to launch controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; later, foreign media reported that the United States government is considering cutting off all links between US suppliers and Huawei, prohibiting US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to issue an executive order to limit US investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries... As early as the beginning of 2023, the United States has been using more and more bad tactics to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its efforts to suppress China's "chip" development. While it has been precisely suppressing the semiconductor supply chain in China, it has also been building a "de-China" alliance for the semiconductor industry chain, with the aim of completely "leaving China behind" in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to form a "technology alliance" with South Korea or a "semiconductor quadrilateral alliance" with South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, or to form a "semiconductor industrial chain clique" through the "quadrilateral mechanism" of the US, Japan, India, and Australia, or the "Indo-Pacific economic framework," the US is attempting to build a closed industrial chain and supply chain cycle dominated by the US by introducing politicization, alignment, and weaponization into the semiconductor industry, thereby making up for its shortcomings in the field of semiconductor manufacturing and maintaining its leading position in the global semiconductor industry.
However, the United States' overt "chip warfare" against China is also "injuring the enemy while harming oneself eight hundred times".
Recently, the well-known chip manufacturing equipment supplier, the Panasonic Group, announced that the company would lay off 1,300 full-time employees due to the latest round of export bans on Chinese chip manufacturing equipment, and plans to lay off another 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
The Dutch ASML, a global leader in lithography machines, recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to a rise in the price of semiconductors.
According to an analysis by the American media, after the US government imposed arbitrary sanctions on the semiconductor and other industries in China, many American companies were severely affected, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, manufacturers of wafer manufacturing equipment, and the chip manufacturers themselves.
The United States' so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has long since formed a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain.
According to estimates by professionals, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products requires crossing national borders more than 70 times, and the entire process takes 100 days.
Although the semiconductor industry in the United States is relatively strong in terms of its foundation, it is relatively weak in terms of manufacturing capabilities, especially in advanced process technologies, and is heavily dependent on the East Asian region.
Even if the United States tries to steer the advanced chip supply chain towards the "closed circle" regional development dominated by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor industry will be difficult to change.
The United States has vigorously "rebuilt" the semiconductor industry chain to "de-China" it, causing severe damage to the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the future industry globally, and the development of the chip industry cannot be achieved without the joint participation of all countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively issuing the Innovation and Competition Act, the American Competition Act of 2022, and the Chips and Science Act, using technological hegemony to consolidate its technological superiority; it has also used "carrots and sticks" to coerce allies such as Intel, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, and Samsung to build factories in the United States, in order to ensure that the United States maintains its global leadership in the field of semiconductors.
In the short term, the United States has indeed created trouble for China's semiconductor industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.
In the long run, however, the United States' excessive suppression will force China's semiconductor industry to continue to break through, causing the United States to lose a huge Chinese market, ultimately weakening the innovation will and ability of American technology companies, and damaging the development of the global semiconductor industry.
Hao Jiao
First batch of personal pension investment products launched, with a minimum holding period of 360 days - www.chinanews.com
First batch of personal pension financial products launched
7 products from the family institution are available for selection, and the shortest holding period is only 360 days.
Personal pension financial products are finally available.
On February 10, China Finance Network released the first list of personal pension investment products, and 7 personal pension investment products from Bank of China Wealth Management, Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management, and China Postal Savings Wealth Management were officially launched.
At this point, the "shelves" of personal pension accounts are finally stocked with four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension investment management, personal pension insurance, and publicly-traded personal pension funds.
It was reported that the first batch of personal pension financial products are all publicly offered net asset value open-end products, including 5 newly issued products and 2 existing products. Except for one product that is a mixed type product, the other 6 products are all fixed income type products.
As a reporter from Beijing Youth Daily observed, four of the five new products are from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which are fixed-income products with the shortest holding period of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days, respectively. The corresponding performance benchmarks (annualized) are 3.70%-4.20%, 4.10%-4.60%, 4.40%-4.90%, and 5.25%-5.75%, respectively.
The remaining new product is "Postal Savings Wealth Adds Joy Huangqin No. 1 Shortest Holding Period 1095 Days," which is also a fixed-income product. It began collecting funds on February 10 and ended on February 19. Its risk level is level 2.
Of the two surviving products, one is Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management's "Agricultural Bank of China Unity·Dynamic" 360-day Science and Technology Innovation RMB Wealth Management Product, which is of a mixed nature and has a risk level of three.
Another surviving product is "Postal Savings Wealth Add Yi Huangjin Hongjin No. 1 with a Minimum Holding Period of 365 Days," of the fixed income type. It started collecting funds on December 30 last year and officially started operating on January 4 this year. Its cumulative net value on February 8 was 1.0011.
According to the "Opinions of the State Council Office on Promoting the Development of Individual Pension Insurance", the funds in the personal pension account can be invested in financial products such as bank wealth management products, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, and publicly-traded funds.
The launch of the first personal pension financial products marks the official start of personal pension investors' ability to purchase financial products through their personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the Provisional Measures for the Management of Individual Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Asset Management Companies.
The Measures stipulate that participants may purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension investment products, personal pension insurance products, and publicly-offered personal pension fund products through their personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation jointly issued a notice, clearly stating that the individual pension system would be implemented in 36 pilot cities and regions, including Beijing and Tianjin, as well as Shijiazhuang in Hebei Province, the Xiongan New Area, and Jincheng in Shanxi Province.
As of the end of 2022, there were 19.54 million participants in individual pension plans, with 6.13 million people making contributions, and total contributions amounting to RMB 14.2 billion.
Previously, banks participating in the pilot only offered three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products, and publicly-traded pension funds.
Now that personal pension investment products have all come together, how should investors choose?
According to experts from the product development department of ICBC Wealth Management, compared with other personal pension products, pilot-phase pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products both have three characteristics.
One is stability, with a more robust risk management mechanism, more stable investment strategies and principles, and the implementation of independent third-party custody by non-parent banks.
Second, long-term nature. The duration of the pilot period for the long-term care financial products is 5 years or more. In the future, the holding period for individual pension financial products will be a minimum of 1 year, and holding periods of 3 years or more will be encouraged.
Third, it is inclusive. The threshold for purchasing products is low, with the starting point generally at 1 yuan, and some as low as 0.01 yuan. The fees for custody and management of the products are even more affordable.
Professionals point out that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the product and their own risk tolerance.
Individual retirement savings have the characteristics of long-term duration, high interest rates, and high safety, which are suitable for people with low risk tolerance; individual retirement insurance products focus on protection, and are more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; while individual retirement investment products and publicly-offered fund products have no guarantee of principal or returns, have certain investment risks, but have relatively high expected returns, and are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and relatively high risk tolerance.
Written by Gao, reporter of the Beijing News, coordinated by Qi HaiPAo
The fitness industry should overcome the crisis of trust - www.chinanews.com
Another major gym "blown up" by a storm?
Recently, the issue of member rights protection at the popular fitness club, Zhongxin Fitness, has attracted social attention.
After the Chinese New Year, many members found that their local stores were not operating normally. Subsequently, rumors about the closure and disappearance of the agency caused panic among members, leading to the involvement of the public security and human resources departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the agency came forward to respond, promising to work hard to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the storm eventually subsided.
Some gyms have temporarily closed some of their branches due to operational problems, and consumers could have waited calmly for the problems to be resolved. Why is it that the first reaction of many members was "something is wrong"?
The dispute over the rights of fitness club members is a symptom of a deeper problem of trust in the industry.
Domestically, traditional gyms generally adopt a prepaid model, and "making money from customers who don't come" is the underlying logic behind their development.
Obtaining cash flow through pre-selling membership cards and opening new stores continuously may seem like a cycle, but in reality it is a case of the fox eating the chicken, and it is impossible to establish a stable profit model.
Negative news about gyms closing down and other industries is being reported frequently, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
In terms of market prospects, gyms are certainly a good business with a "promising future".
The fitness industry has its ups and downs, but it has always been a focus of capital.
Multiple data show that the popularity of cultural and sports consumption, among other areas, is on the rise, and the market is continuing to recover.
Specifically in the fitness market, as the standard of living of residents steadily improves, the concept of a healthy lifestyle has become deeply ingrained in people's minds, and the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, some institutions are overly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption, and just as they are emerging from the crisis, they are sounding the call to expand their territory and pour all their financing into new store construction.
It cannot be denied that in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn due to the impact of the pandemic, and the industry has undergone a reshuffle. At this time, powerful enterprises choose to increase their acquisition efforts selectively and reorganize, which is undoubtedly a new opportunity.
However, if the fitness market is to develop and enter into a virtuous cycle, and embark on a steady and prosperous path, the industry must change its traditional model and business strategy.
Only by persevering and re-establishing consumer trust and a sense of security can we truly win the market and win the future.
Compared to grabbing market share with the opening of a new store, what the fitness industry needs most at present is to calm down and optimize its services, and to stabilize users through high-quality development.
First of all, it is necessary to retain users through services.
Gyms are part of the service industry, and their essence is to adhere to the "user-oriented" principle, to focus on user needs and to place the emphasis of their operations on improving the quality of their services.
Secondly, digital transformation is the key to improving user experience.
For example, the popular Internet gym model, which allows users to pay per session and choose their own workout space.
At the same time, the effective utilization of body data and movement data can also meet social needs and realize a complete service loop from online to offline.
Without private sales pitches and huge annual fees, users' concerns about gyms "running away" are reduced, and their trust is increased.
In addition, we must actively explore multiple business models.
Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from a single service to a scenario-based consumption. Fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption, and peripheral products such as sports supplements and fitness equipment required for exercise will become a new profit point, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianxiao
Buy cheap, return for a refund!
"Price Difference Compensation" Reappears in Nanjing Real Estate Market - www.chinanews.com
Report from the Yangtze Evening News (reporter: Ma Zhuopo): In an interview on the 10th, reporters from Yangtze Evening News/Zhi Niu News discovered that the "guaranteed price agreement" that had not been seen for more than a decade had returned to the Nanjing real estate market. A property in the Jiangbei New Area claimed "price difference compensation", and the discount for other properties was greater than the previous discount before the keys were handed over. The developer was willing to switch properties for buyers and refund the price difference.
The conditions of the "price protection agreement" are not few
The property, located in Jiangbei New District, is called Poli Yanzi Xieyun Tai, and the person looking at the property, Mr. Sun, told the reporter that he found a "statement" during his visit to the property last weekend.
The pictures he sent to the reporter showed that the developer of the property promised that if the buyer purchased the property between February 1 and February 28, the developer would exchange the property and refund the difference in price if the discount for the other properties in the project was greater than the discount enjoyed by the buyer for the previous purchase (limited to other unsold properties of the same floor plan, building, unit, and property type as the property in question).
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this was actually a "price protection agreement" aimed at reassuring buyers that they did not have to worry about the developer lowering the price for a promotion. "Now, if you buy it, you worry that the price will be lowered after you buy it. You don't have time to go to the sales office to complain, and if you don't complain, you will indeed feel relieved."
Many home buyers also believe that the "price guarantee agreement" is a good deal for them, even though it is meant to reassure them.
Ms. Zheng, who intends to buy a first-time home in Jiangbei, said that the properties with the guarantee firstly need to be of the same type and in the same building and unit. There are very few properties for buyers to compare, so the "threshold" is quite high.
Some buyers also believe that due to information asymmetry, it is not impossible that additional discounts will be given during the sale, making it difficult for buyers to "stand up for their rights."
Whether or not it will be possible to retain home buyers remains to be seen.
A reporter searched for the property on the Nanjing online real estate website and found that the project sold 252 units in two buildings in November last year. The unit sizes ranged from 105 square meters to 129 square meters, and the fully furnished units were sold at an average price of RMB 39,843 per square meter.
However, more than two months have passed, and according to online real estate, the total number of unsold units in the project is currently 157, accounting for 62.3%, of which 80% are in unit 128, with a total of 113 unsold units, and 44 units in unit 124 are also unsold; the total number of units sold in the project is only 33, accounting for only 13%.
Market insiders explained that "guaranteed-price agreements" had also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, the Loutianxi West Yard project on He Xi Road in Huangshan launched a "price guarantee plan" to attract buyers. The specific content of the plan was "the company solemnly promises that if the discount range of the project is expanded within one year, the company will refund the difference to the old owners according to the difference."
After that, in April 2011, nine properties in Nanjing also promised to compensate for the difference in price by offering a portion of their available properties.
"The property market is recovering, and we need a 'stimulant' more than ever at this time.
"The price guarantee agreement" is also one of the marketing methods of real estate companies, said Mr. Shen, a senior operator in the real estate industry in Nanjing.
He believes that developers are in greater need of confidence than home buyers, and that the introduction of the "price guarantee agreement" is actually meant to boost their confidence.
As for whether the buyers will stay, he said that it depends on the impact of multiple factors such as the control policies and loan thresholds, and it is still to be observed at present.
Multiple data declines, poor start to the year for Taiwan's economy - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Taipei February 11 (Reporters Zhao Bo and Huang Yan) The export trade volume has been "five consecutive months of contraction," the Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) has contracted for seven consecutive months, and the Consumer Price Index (CPI) has seen a "three-digit" figure... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have released economic data for January 2023 in succession.
Experts analyzed that Taiwan's economy had a poor start to the year, and the growth pressure was not small.
According to the Taiwan authorities' department in charge of financial affairs, Taiwan's exports amounted to US$31.51 billion in January this year, a year-on-year decrease of 21.2%, marking the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export volume of 11 major export commodities all showed a decline compared to the same period last year.
Rubber and plastic products and optical instruments fell the most, with year-on-year declines of 37.6% and 35.7%, respectively.
Exports of electronic components decreased by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decline in the past 11 years.
Among them, the annual decline in integrated circuits was 18.3%, the largest drop in 14 years.
According to Cai Meina, the head of the statistics department, this indicates that the weak demand effect in the consumer electronics industry is spreading, and the electronics industry is entering a period of adjustment.
Statistics show that in January, imports and exports of Taiwan dropped simultaneously, with outbound shipments amounting to only US$2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The Taiwan authorities in charge of financial affairs believe that global end-demand has decreased, and the adjustment of industry inventory has suppressed the willingness of manufacturers to purchase raw materials. The export slump is unlikely to improve in the short term. Taiwan's exports in the first quarter of this year are expected to decline more than anticipated.
According to the Taiwan China Economic Research Institute, the Taiwan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) was 40.4% seasonally adjusted in January this year, a 3.3 percentage point drop from December last year, and has been contracting for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring indicator system, the PMI is set at 50% as the demarcation line between prosperity and contraction, and an index greater than 50% represents economic expansion, while a lower index represents contraction.
In January, Taiwan's PMI was composed of five indicators, including new orders, production, and tightened employment of labor, as well as a reduction in supplier delivery times and tightened inventory.
All six industries saw contraction in the PMI, with the order of contraction speed being the electrical and mechanical equipment industry (35.1%), the electronic and optical industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotech medical industry (39.2%), the basic raw material industry (42.4%), the transportation equipment industry (42.6%), and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the "Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics" of the Taiwan authorities announced that the annual CPI growth rate of Taiwan in January was 3.04%, which has exceeded 3% since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared by 28.25%, setting a new 17-month high.
Chao Zhigang, a special commissioner of the Taiwan "Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics," admitted that the increase in vegetable prices was indeed beyond expectations. Excluding the factor of the Chinese New Year, the average CPI in January and February of this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year. Inflation pressure still exists and is still at a high level.
Looking ahead to Taiwan's economy this year, experts are pessimistic, based on reports from domestic media outlets such as United Daily News and Yahoo Finance.
According to analysis by Wu Daijiang, a professor of economics at "Central University" in Taiwan, the decline in exports may cause export manufacturers to have problems with cash flow, leading to an increase in the risk of debt default.
At the same time, the reduction in orders leads manufacturers to cut labor costs, which affects the labor market and household economics, and in turn, impacts consumer purchasing power.
According to Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, the inflation situation in Europe and the United States has not improved, and demand continues to shrink. It is estimated that Taiwan's export decline will continue into the first half of the year.
Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, and as exports are affected by the slowdown, the economic growth performance for the whole year will be lower than last year.
"An important engine for global recovery" - www.chinanews.com
"In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Chinese economy has demonstrated great resilience.
Recent market expectations indicate that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
"José Luis, a well-known Chinese affairs expert in Spain and honorary advisor of China Policy Watch, said in an interview with our reporter that China's epidemic prevention and control has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further unleashed.
Liu said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China has responded calmly with its outstanding economic governance experience and measures, which fully demonstrate its economic resilience and management level.
While China is firmly committed to expanding its opening up to the outside world, the internal driving force of economic development is continuously strengthening, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises are developing in tandem.
Every year, the National Two Sessions are held in China, where delegates and representatives discuss the country's development plans and hot-button issues related to the people's livelihoods. This process helps to build consensus, unite people, and pool wisdom, thereby adding strength to China's development.
"Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered the stage of high-quality development.
The international community is looking forward to China's wisdom and China's solutions, and is expecting China's development to bring new opportunities to the world.
"China is currently making every effort to promote technological innovation and inject new impetus into economic and social development," said Reos. "Investment, talent training, and policy incentives have made China continue to be full of vitality in its new five-year plan."
In the view of Leos, economic system reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, China has been able to take advantage of the strengths of the market economy while also leveraging the superiority of its socialist system. It has taken proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Around the strategic base of expanding domestic demand, China will strengthen financial support for the real economy, support the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, and manufacturing industries, adhere to innovative development, promote employment, increase the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the diverse consumption needs of the people at different levels. By fully, accurately, and comprehensively implementing the new development concept, China will focus on promoting high-quality development and building a new development pattern, and will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the proposal for the Belt and Road Initiative.
"The stabilization and recovery of the economy after the epidemic is a common goal of the international community.
China's economic development potential will continue to be unleashed, bringing more benefits to countries around the world and becoming an important engine for global recovery.
"Rios said that he looks forward to the joint construction of the Belt and Road Initiative continuing to play its important role in improving the infrastructure level of various countries, strengthening interconnection in various fields, and unleashing even greater momentum.
(Report from Madrid by this newspaper)
(People's Daily reporter, Yan Huan)
Report: The number of overseas students returning home to seek employment in 2022 will reach a new high - www.chinanews.com
The top 10 countries of study for recent graduates returning to China to seek employment in 2022, source: "2022 China's Returned Students Employment Survey Report"
MENG Ru, China News Service, Beijing, February 11 (reported by Meng Ru), The 2022 China Returned Overseas Talents Employment Survey Report (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") released recently shows that the size of the 2022 graduates returning from studying abroad increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of returned students seeking employment reached a new high, and the demand for overseas talents by Chinese enterprises also showed an upward trend.
The report notes that the number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China has increased significantly since 2020, and the number of recent graduates returning to China to seek employment has also increased.
Compared with 2021, the size of the 2022 graduate students returning home to seek employment increased by 8.6%, setting a new record.
In terms of the distribution of returning students who went abroad to study by the countries they studied in, the UK had the highest proportion, accounting for 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), which ranked the same as in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth, the number of new international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore increased significantly in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of recent graduates from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia decreased year-on-year.
Trends in the supply and demand of returnees in the first week after the Chinese New Year in 2023. Source: "2022 Chinese Returnees Employment Survey Report"
The survey shows that 58% of the students who decided to return home believed that "life is more convenient in China," 40% decided to return home because they "identify more with the cultural environment in China," 32% believed that "there are more employment opportunities in China," and 22% believed that the Chinese economy will recover faster and provide more employment opportunities.
Data shows that domestic enterprises' demand for overseas talent is rapidly increasing, and the demand for returnees is on the rise.
In the first week after the Chinese New Year in 2023, the number of priority positions for returnees and the number of returnees seeking employment in the country both showed an upward trend. On February 3, the number of priority positions for returnees increased by 11% compared to January 28, and the number of returnees seeking employment increased by 27%.
By industry, in 2022, the positions in the education/training industry accounted for 27.8% of the preferred positions for overseas returnees, ranking first, while the professional services/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
The number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China in recent years. Source: "2022 China Returned Overseas Talents Employment Survey Report"
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary for priority positions for returnees has been increasing for three consecutive years, reaching RMB 14,680 per month in 2022 (RMB is the currency of China, the same below), an increase of RMB 961 from RMB 13,719 in 2021, an increase of 7%.
When viewed by region, the willingness of the overseas returnee group to develop in new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier and lower cities all increased in 2022. The proportion of job applications in these cities in 2022 was 31%, 15.7%, and 14.3%, respectively, which is higher than the proportion of job applications in these cities in 2021.
Regarding the benefits of studying abroad, 52.7% of the returnees said that they were basically in line with their expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points from the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said they had achieved more or much more than expected, which is higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(Completed)
Half or even more cost savings?
Henan Province standardizes and integrates the prices of dental implant medical services - www.chinanews.com
CCTV News: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many toothless patients, but the price of up to ten thousand yuan per tooth has always deterred many patients from getting them.
Since this year, with the accelerated implementation of the tooth implant collective procurement, the price of tooth implants has been put on the agenda in various places.
Starting from February 10, the price control target for a single conventional implant dental service in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the total cost of a single conventional implant procedure shall not exceed 97% of the control target.
Implant dentistry refers to a method of tooth replacement that involves supporting and anchoring the upper tooth restoration in the lower structure that is implanted into the bone tissue.
A reporter learned from Zhengzhou University Affiliated Hospital No. 1 that, for example, the price for a single conventional implant, from planting to final repair, is about RMB16,700.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that for someone like me, the cost would be around 8,000 yuan or less than 10,000 yuan, which would be a significant savings.
Based on the existing projects, Henan Province has also integrated 15 medical service price items for oral implantation, such as "implant insertion fee (per tooth)", and formulated a unified price for public medical institutions under the provincial administration and medical insurance payment categories, cancelling or adjusting 20 medical service price items, such as dental implant surgery.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Pharmaceutical Price and Tendering Procurement Department of Zhengzhou Bureau of Medical Insurance: The main beneficiaries are the four parties: medical insurance, which will have lower expenses; hospitals will have less pressure, and patients will have more treatments; suppliers will get a market; and patients will benefit the most, as the cost of dental implants may be reduced by half or even more.
Shenzhen: Building the First and Most Advanced Speed-Ahead City in China and the World - chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, February 11, by WeChat public account "Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology" on February 10, reported that the Shenzhen Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the "Shenzhen City Super-Fast Forward Action Plan for Urban Construction".
It proposes that by the end of 2023, a super broadband network with high speed, large capacity, and low latency will be built, achieving the goal of "2,000 Gbps, all-optical, 1 millisecond, and everything connected", and creating a world-leading ultra-advanced city.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of the 1000 Gbps optical network.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of full-fiber industrial parks (industrial zones) will exceed 100.
The Plan requires a comprehensive improvement in the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Research and development of Shenzhen 5G network service quality standards, 5G network testing and evaluation, and improvement of 5G network service quality.
Support basic telecommunications enterprises to increase their efforts to optimize 5G networks in key regions and locations, adding 10,000 new 5G base stations throughout the year, and achieving an average download speed of 500 Mbps and an upload speed of 100 Mbps throughout the city. In key regions, the download speed will reach 1,000 Mbps and the upload speed will reach 200 Mbps, significantly improving network speed and user experience.
Build a high-quality wireless local area network at the city level.
Establish a standard for wireless local area network (WLAN) services in public places, and promote the upgrade of WLAN in areas with high population density and concentrated information consumption needs in all districts of the city, providing 1,000 Mbps access capabilities.
Based on "Shen i Network", a unified authentication and management platform for public wireless LANs in the city is established. The platform supports "one-time authentication, seamless roaming, and intelligent switching," and supports operating entities to include social-owned APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities in the authentication and management platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of APs upgraded to support access will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan also proposes to build a high-quality, all-optical network with full capacity, construct a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and improve Internet application service capabilities.
The Plan clearly states that a collaborative effort will be made to build a connected perception system.
Explore a construction and management model for city sensing terminals based on the "open source HOMOMENU" operating system, reduce the cost of interconnection, accelerate the construction of city-level IoT sensing platforms, and promote interconnection and data exchange between urban IoT platforms, specialized IoT platforms in various fields, and data.
Deepen the application of the Internet of Things and perception in urban management, public welfare services, public security, transportation, and other fields, and expand the fixed perception and intelligent networked vehicles, such as smart roads, buildings, public facilities, and other fixed perception channels, as well as mobile perception channels such as smart vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity, gas, and Internet of Things sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and more than 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The Plan also mentions strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communication applications, laying out the infrastructure for low-altitude networks, and promoting the in-depth coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, it will promote the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, build an industrial innovation development ecosystem, and support the hosting of top-level events and activities.
(CNC Media)
How can e-commerce in China, with its emerging "new variables," achieve "content is king"?
- China News Service
Xinhua News Agency, February 11, 2019 -- The emergence of "new variables" in China's e-commerce industry has brought about a new trend in "content is king". How can e-commerce merchants achieve this?
CNCE Journalist Xia Bin
"We entered the e-commerce market a bit late, but from the very beginning we realized that content is very important if you want to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fangfang, a "post-90s" girl from Guangdong, is now running a store selling health food on the TikTok e-commerce platform, helping a brick-and-mortar store with over 30 years of history "bloom" online.
By imitating the style of old Hong Kong movies and pairing it with classic Cantonese songs, opening the Douyin account of Fang Fang, a one-person food blogger, will open your eyes to beautiful videos.
Recently, at the Douyin e-commerce "Find Peers, Share Quality Content" special event, Fang Fang, as a representative of quality creators, attended and shared her experiences and insights into her daily creative work.
She said on the spot, "The carefully crafted video has attracted a lot of attention from netizens, many of whom are interested in the ingredients in my family's dishes and want to cook them together with me. Sales have suddenly taken off."
”
Fangfang used soup video to make more people fall in love with "the taste of Laoguang," and a live broadcast sold up to 300,000 pieces of nourishing ingredients, saving the family's store on the verge of bankruptcy.
"No content, no e-commerce", as short video and live broadcast e-commerce continue to develop, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of live streaming sales, live broadcasts often used low price discounts to attract users, and price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal big Vs such as Liu Yihong and Dongfang Zhenzhu, as well as many lesser-known influencers and merchants who have emerged in vertical sub-fields. They have improved their long-term operating efficiency by continuously creating high-quality content that matches their brand image.
According to Gao Yaixian, the head of the operation of the KOLs of the TikTok e-commerce, over the past year, 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through TikTok e-commerce, and their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and the total transaction amount has more than doubled.
"Behind these figures, we can sense a thriving author ecosystem with a vibrant life force.
"Gao Yaixian said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the E-commerce Industry Content Ecosystem Health Index (ECHI) report, which analyzed the importance of high-quality content, a "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry, from a data perspective. The report assessed the content ecosystem of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China using an index.
According to the ranking of the health index of the e-commerce industry content ecosystem based on the above report, TikTok e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com ranked in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology in the e-commerce industry is an integrated concept, which integrates e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional content production) and UGC (user-generated content) are the best carriers for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the scenarios for consumption and promotion, and the higher the possibility of e-commerce insertion, the stronger the commercial value, and the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and consumption in the public and private sectors will be integrated.
On the spot, Professor Yi Guoming, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and the chairman of the Council of the Chinese Media Economics and Management Specialty, gave an analysis and interpretation of the Report.
He said that in terms of content value, the e-commerce industry has now transitioned from "consumer accessibility" to "consumer quality," and high-quality, professional, and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the fundamental and driving force behind the new stage of e-commerce development, and PGC content such as knowledge-based payments, specialized knowledge, and KOLs (key opinion leaders) are becoming standard features in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guo Ming put forward two suggestions.
One is to promote the health and quality of the e-commerce content ecosystem from the perspective of improving content structure, and to establish positive content creation and management standards, so as to achieve a healthy system index and dynamic balance of the e-commerce industry's content ecosystem.
Another is from the external ecology perspective, which is to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.
In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more support in terms of data and artificial intelligence to form a prediction of future development stability; in addition, it will provide more standardized and healthy growth space for merchants, achieve value synergy among enterprises, users, products, and services in the e-commerce industry, and jointly create a healthy content ecosystem.
"(Completed)
The North Exchange's margin trading business will launch next week - www.chinanews.com
According to a report by the Beijing Evening News (reporter: Sun Jie), Beijing Stock Exchange announced yesterday that the securities lending and borrowing business of Beijing Stock Exchange has been approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission and will be officially launched on February 13. At that time, securities companies that have obtained the right to engage in securities lending and borrowing business of Beijing Stock Exchange can accept investors' orders and submit securities lending and borrowing transactions to Beijing Stock Exchange.
The list of the first 56 securities subject to securities lending was determined based on the calculation benchmark date of January 31, 2023.
The Beijing Exchange said that the list of securities subject to securities lending and repurchase transactions and the list of securities that can be used as collateral will be published on the Beijing Exchange website under the "Information Disclosure - Securities Lending Information" section, making it easy for investors to access the information.
Margin trading is an important fundamental system in the securities market, and is also a relatively mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 of last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on margin financing and securities lending business.
The launch of the North Exchange's securities lending and borrowing transactions is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the North Exchange's market system, improve its trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The securities lending and borrowing system benefits investors by enriching their trading strategies, meeting their diverse trading needs, promoting the discovery of market prices, and further improving market liquidity.
In the future, the Beijing Stock Exchange will continue to do its part in ensuring the smooth operation of the securities lending and borrowing business under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It will enrich the transaction system tools with a focus on investor needs and improve the relevant supporting mechanisms, striving to build a top-tier stock exchange that serves innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Forum was held in Beijing, and He Libin attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 11 (Xinhua News Agency) - The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Integrated Forum was held in Beijing on February 11 in a hybrid online and offline format.
He Lifeng, a member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He LiFeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at their meeting in Bangkok, and to strengthen green development cooperation between China and Japan.
China will comprehensively implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, accelerate the green transformation of its development model, deepen the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and prudently promote the peak carbon and carbon neutrality goals, and promote decarbonization, pollution reduction, ecological restoration, and growth in a coordinated manner, and promote ecological prioritization, resource conservation, and green, low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue deepening cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technology, policy dialogue, and cultural exchanges, and to promote the green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Hiroshige Sekimoto attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce of China and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry. It included a main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, electrification, intelligence and automation of automobiles, hydrogen energy, and long-term China-Japan trade.
Representatives from the governments and enterprises of China and Japan engaged in an exchange.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operations in Turkey, rescuing 4 trapped people - www.chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, February 11, According to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, on February 10, three operational teams and 45 rescue team members were sent to Turkey to conduct a search and rescue operation, and they rescued one trapped person.
Two search and assessment teams were also sent to assess and investigate the 15 buildings on Vodabashi Street.
So far, a total of 4 people have been rescued, 5 people have been found dead, and life signs and risk assessments have been conducted on 25 buildings that have collapsed severely.
The rescue team will adjust the rescue forces scientifically according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue scene, and continue to carry out rescue work in depth.
The rescue team obtained rescue assistance information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and UN rescue organizations, and verified each case through various methods such as online inquiries and on-site searches.
Introduce the current rescue environment and the collapse of buildings to the Hong Kong Rescue Team in China, and jointly carry out search and rescue operations.
At present, it is responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) jointly with the Italian rescue team, and three members are dispatched to work in the 5th regional rescue coordination center, communicating with teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman, and other countries to learn about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and rescue teams from various countries.
The rescue team continued to strengthen safety management and team protection, in accordance with the principles of "unified command and safety first," to strengthen safety control at the rescue site, strengthen discipline requirements for rescue work, and clearly define safety precautions.
A shift duty standby and guard duty system was implemented to strengthen security management in the camp.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide medical examination services for team members every day to strengthen the medical protection of key personnel. At present, all members of the rescue team are in good health and are carrying out disinfection in the camp.
After the self-supporting camp was established, the logistics support team set up a total of 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical and sanitation, living quarters, and kennels, to ensure the availability of more than 30 sets of rescue equipment at the scene.
Xinhua News Agency commentator: Promoting the modernization of the Chinese way is a systematic project - four points to deeply understand the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 11, 2020, headline: Promoting the modernization of the Chinese style is a systematic project – four essays on deeply understanding the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the Seminar on Learning and Implementing the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Xinhua News Agency commentator
"Advancing modernization in the Chinese way is a systematic project that requires comprehensive consideration, systematic planning, and overall promotion. It is necessary to handle correctly a series of major relationships, such as top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, adherence to principles and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and self-strengthening, and opening up to the outside world."
"At the opening ceremony of the Seminar on Learning and Implementing the Thought of Xi Jinping on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress for newly-elected members of the Central Committee, alternate members of the Central Committee and leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels, General Secretary Xi Jinping has scientifically grasped the laws of modernization construction, and profoundly and systematically explained a series of major relationships that need to be handled in practice, providing us with a scientific methodology for vigorously promoting the modernization of Chinese style."
The promotion of Chinese modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization, and concerns the governance of the Party, the country, and the military, as well as domestic affairs, foreign affairs, diplomacy, and national defense. It is necessary to make systematic plans and to be bold in innovation and reform, and to continuously achieve overall progress.
Top-level design requires a profound understanding of the trends of world development, an accurate grasp of the common aspirations of the people, and in-depth exploration of the laws of economic and social development, so that the planned and policies to be formulated reflect the spirit of the times, grasp the laws, and be creative, and are integrated, coherent, and coordinated.
The promotion of Chinese modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are many unknown areas that need to be boldly explored in practice, and the cause of development must be driven by reform and innovation, and not by cutting corners or waiting for things to happen.
Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.
To advance modernization in the Chinese way, we must enhance the forward-looking nature of our strategies, so as to anticipate and lead the future with scientific strategic foresight; we must enhance the overall nature of our strategies, with a focus on solving major problems that are critical to the prosperity and survival of the Party and the country as a whole; and we must enhance the stability of our strategies, so that once they are formulated, they can be consistently implemented and achieve their goals.
We must grasp the dialectical unity of strategy and tactics scientifically, combine the principled nature of strategy with the flexibility of tactics, and be flexible, adaptable, and able to make quick decisions in a rapidly changing environment, so as to maintain strategic initiative in adapting to local conditions, taking advantage of opportunities, and making the most of the situation.
The Chinese nation is a nation that values upholding tradition and innovation.
The relationship between upholding the correct direction and innovation should be handled well. We should uphold the essence and source of Chinese modernization, and unwaveringly adhere to the characteristics, essence, and major principles of Chinese modernization, so as to ensure the correct direction of Chinese modernization. At the same time, we should put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, respond to the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively adapt to changes, and vigorously promote reform and innovation, so as to continuously create new impetus and advantages for development, and fully unleash the creative vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation of fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee of efficiency.
In advancing modernization in the Chinese way, we must both create higher efficiency than capitalism and more effectively safeguard social fairness, so as to better achieve a balance between efficiency and fairness, and promote and unify them.
It is necessary to balance efficiency and fairness, and continuously achieve development for the people, development relying on the people, and development results shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization can benefit all the people more fairly and more widely.
To promote modernization in the Chinese way, we need to strike a balance between vitality and order, so that society is both vibrant and orderly.
We must coordinate the development and security issues, implement the comprehensive national security concept, establish a national security system, enhance our ability to safeguard national security, and resolutely safeguard the security of the state's political power, system, ideology, and key areas.
It is necessary to pay more attention to security factors in development, enhance national security through development, use the results of development to consolidate the foundation of national security, and create a safe environment conducive to economic and social development, so as to continuously stimulate the vitality of development and achieve a virtuous interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
In promoting modernization in the Chinese way, we must both stick to our own path and broaden our horizons, adhere to openness to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of modernization in the Chinese way.
We must adhere to independence and self-reliance, place the development of the country and the nation at the starting point of our own strength, and firmly grasp the destiny of our country's development and progress in our own hands.
We must continuously expand high-level opening-up to the outside world, participate deeply in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of China's modernization, and share development opportunities and create a better future for mutual benefit and win-win cooperation.
By following the path, we can achieve great things.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, and guided by the scientific outlook on Xi Jinping socialism with Chinese characteristics, grasp the laws, work hard and be diligent, fully display our enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, and correctly handle a series of major issues. We will strive to make progress in the new journey of building a socialist modern country in an all-round way, and continuously open up new horizons in the modernization of China with Chinese characteristics.
The Biden administration will blacklist six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the spy balloon program on Friday (February 10), according to Deutsche Welle (German Voice in Chinese).
The U.S. Department of Commerce said that these five Chinese companies and one research institution have helped modernize the Chinese military, particularly in aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
Companies on the blacklist have a hard time obtaining US technology exports.
The list is called the "entity list," and companies on it cannot purchase technology or goods from American suppliers unless they obtain special export licenses from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The companies listed on the blacklist are: Beijing Nange Aerospace Science and Technology Co., Ltd., 48th Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group Corporation, Longgang Lianzu Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aerospace Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xiaohang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd., and Shanxi Yingmen Aerospace Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to this, the White House said it was considering taking broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger-scale surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident caused further tension between China and the United States, and US Secretary of State Blinken canceled his visit to China.
On February 4, the United States shot down a balloon. The Chinese government lodged a strong protest with the US embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously undermining and damaging the efforts and progress of both sides in stabilizing Sino-US relations.
Based on the evidence from the existing debris and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the US government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon "has a direct relationship with the Chinese People's Liberation Army" and is an approved supplier of the Chinese military.
At a press conference on Friday, Mao Ning, a spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry, said that China had explained the situation and clarified its position on the incident of a Chinese unmanned aerial vehicle entering US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the US Congress were purely political manipulation and sensationalism.
China strongly objects to this and is firmly against it.
"Today's action demonstrates the shared commitment we have to identify and stop China's use of espionage balloons that have violated the airspace of the United States and more than 40 other countries," said Matthew Axelrod, the assistant secretary for export enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce.
”
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said they were not aware of the sanctions and declined to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States and have not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
Copyright © 2023 Deutschlandfunk. All contents are protected by copyright law, and unauthorized use is prohibited unless specifically authorized by Deutschlandfunk.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle) Several days have passed since the earthquake hit parts of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is fading. However, the rescue of a family of five on Saturday brought great relief to the rescue workers.
According to the Associated Press, in the hard-hit town of Nurday in Gaziantep province, this family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days.
Rescue workers first pulled the mother and daughter out from the rubble, and then found the father, but he insisted on being rescued first, along with his son and another daughter.
When they were all rescued, the crowd erupted in cheers.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaraş, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued in the harsh freezing weather conditions.
"What day is it today?"
"The boy trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the rescuers who brought him back to the ground.
A man from Kachelmanmarašh holds the cat he just rescued
The miraculous success of the rescue operation brought a glimmer of hope to the otherwise bleak search and rescue efforts, but at the same time, the number of fatalities continued to rise.
According to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has caused more than 20,000 deaths in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be over 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive up to a week after being trapped in the rubble, the hope of finding more survivors is becoming increasingly bleak.
Rescue workers are still using thermal imaging devices to search for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of the rescue efforts began to shift towards helping the survivors who were in urgent need of assistance.
UN Official: Disaster in the Region "Unprecedented in a Century"
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference held in Turkey that the earthquake was "the worst disaster in the region in a century."
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "extraordinary."
He also told a Reuters reporter that he hoped to provide rescue services to areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but also said that the matter was "not yet clear."
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief aid to the people of the earthquake-stricken areas of Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced that it would allocate $25 million in aid to Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
The Great Chilean Earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 p.m. local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile. The earthquake had a magnitude of 9.5 on the Richter scale.
In just ten minutes, Valdivia was reduced to rubble.
The huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the Chilean coastline, causing waves as high as 25 meters.
The tsunami affected distant Japan and the Philippines.
The number of fatalities and economic losses caused by disasters of such a scale cannot be accurately determined.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
The Great Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, and also was Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake remained the third largest earthquake in the world on record.
When the earthquake occurred, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate ruptured near Prince William Sound, near the mouth of College Fjord.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted from three to five minutes.
The seafloor displacement triggered a massive tsunami, with a height of 67 meters.
Schools and many businesses were closed because it was a holiday.
The major earthquake ultimately claimed the lives of 139 people.
Of these, nine died directly from the earthquake, while the other 130 died from the tsunami triggered by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Tangshan earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes measuring 7 or higher on the Richter scale occurred in Tangshan and Fengnan counties in Hebei Province, China within 16 hours.
The epicenter is 23 kilometers below the surface.
Tangshan City's entire transportation, communication, water supply, and electricity systems were disrupted, and the city was reduced to rubble in an instant.
The capital city of Beijing, located 140 kilometers away, also felt a strong tremor.
According to official statistics, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries in all the affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake is the second deadliest earthquake in China's recorded history, second only to the Jiajing earthquake of 1556.
However, some overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake may have caused at least 650,000 deaths.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers west of the coast of Aceh Province, Sumatra Island, Indonesia, with a focal depth of 30 kilometers and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a massive tsunami with waves as high as 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the most serious damage occurring in Aceh province in Indonesia, the Khao Lak and Phuket resort areas in Thailand, Sri Lanka, and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
At the time, it was the peak season for Christmas travel, and the affected areas were crowded with a large number of tourists and local residents, which led to many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and local people working on the seashore being swept away by the tsunami, making many of the victims of this earthquake missing persons.
It is estimated that the number of fatalities and missing persons is at least 300,000.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake struck the Wenchuan area in Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the surface wave magnitude of the earthquake was 8.2 and the moment magnitude was 8.3. The affected area was more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had caused a total of 69,227 deaths, 17,923 missing persons, 374,643 people with various degrees of injuries, 1,993,030 people who lost their homes, and a total of 46,256,000 people affected by the disaster.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the deadliest since the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12th of every year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day, with the aim of strengthening education for the public and increasing attention to disaster prevention and mitigation efforts.
Afterwards, many Chinese governments and primary and secondary schools held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Middle and primary schools have also begun to place emphasis on popularizing "earthquake prevention and mitigation" education.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, Haiti, an island country in the Caribbean Sea, was hit by an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.0 on the Richter scale.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince, and the hypocenter was about 13 kilometers below the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that the earthquake affected approximately 3 million people.
The Haitian government has confirmed more than 200,000 deaths.
In some areas of Haiti, up to 90% of homes were destroyed in the earthquake.
Despite the large amount of aid and support provided by the international community, this impoverished country, plagued by corruption and overpopulation, has never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquakes that have occurred globally over the past 60 years
The Great East Japan Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large tsunami earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the northeastern coast of Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean to the east of Sendai, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture, and the seismic source was measured to be 24 kilometers deep. It also triggered a massive tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first to exceed magnitude 9 in Japan since records began.
About 22,000 people died in the disaster, and approximately 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered a leakage accident due to the impact of the earthquake and tsunami.
The incident was classified as the most serious level 7 on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to the detection of trace amounts of radioactive substances around the world, including iodine-131 and caesium-137 (half-life of 30 years).
A large amount of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in the disaster-stricken areas of both Syria and Turkey are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes due to earthquakes.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has called for $77 million in funding to provide food for the victims of the earthquake who have been displaced in Turkey and Syria.
Currently, the temperature in the disaster area is as low as zero degrees Celsius, and many victims of the disaster have no place to live.
The Turkish government has distributed a large number of hot meals, tents, and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to deliver to many people in urgent need of help.
In Syria, which has been mired in a civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has only added to the misery of the people.
Within four days of the earthquake, the World Food Programme had provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
Copyright © 2023 Deutschlandfunk. All contents are protected by copyright law, and unauthorized use is prohibited unless specifically authorized by Deutschlandfunk.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Alert: The Police Department Calls on Citizens to Beware of Fake Telecommunications Company Scam Text Messages
Recently, the Police Department has received several cases of telecommunication fraud. The fraudsters posed as Hong Kong Telecom and sent the victim a fraudulent text message with a website link, luring the victim to log in to a fake website to redeem the reward before the points expired.
The victim followed the instructions to enter the credit card information and verification code, and then received a notification from the financial institution that there were unidentified purchases recorded on the credit card, and suspected that the credit card information had been stolen from the website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above-mentioned short message.
The Police Department urges the public to be vigilant if they receive similar text messages and not to click on the links contained in the messages or provide any personal information. If you are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords or transaction verification codes, you should be doubly cautious to prevent your credit card from being stolen and used fraudulently.
Anti-fraud reminder:
1. Pay more attention to cybersecurity news and improve personal prevention awareness;
2. Do not carelessly log in to unknown websites and register your personal and credit card information on the websites, to prevent theft of your personal information;
3. Beware of fake and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website address matches that of the official website;
4. Install antivirus software on your mobile phone, mobile device or computer and update it regularly;
If you suspect you have been the victim of fraud or other crime, you should immediately call the Police Fraud Investigation Hotline at 8800 7777 or the Police Crime Reporting Hotline at 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large Hong Kong inspection team visits Macau tourist attractions and facilities to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand the "joint tour" between Hong Kong and Macau
The Tourism Board organized a large Hong Kong inspection team of more than 100 people composed of representatives from the Hong Kong government's tourism department, the tourism industry, and the media to Macau. In addition to work meetings and industry talks, the Hong Kong travel agency industry and media representatives visited several Macau tourist attractions, hotels, and tourism-related facilities in batches over two days (10th and 11th) to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market and promote cultural and tourism integration between the two places, thereby expanding the "joint tourism" market of Hong Kong and Macau.
A firsthand visit to introduce a new way of playing tourism in Macau
The Hong Kong delegation of 100 people for this study tour included leaders and managers from the relevant tourism departments of the Hong Kong government, representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators from Hong Kong and Macau, as well as around 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, representatives from tourism social media, online media, and bloggers/influencers, who came to Macau to exchange and study the latest tourism resources in Macau. The Hong Kong industry and media will introduce the new ways of tourism in Macau to Hong Kong residents and tourists visiting Hong Kong, and expand the "joint tourism" market between Hong Kong and Macau by taking advantage of the transportation hub in Hong Kong.
Two days of intensive activities to seek business opportunities and increase publicity
The delegation visited the World Heritage Site "Historic Centre of Macau," divided into groups, and experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel: A Journey Through Three Bays" - an immersive digital experience exhibition of the Largo do Senado, Ao Pé da Terra, Old City of Taipa, and several large resort hotels and facilities, including the Galaxy Macau, The Karl Lagerfeld, the Venetian Macau, the Lisboa Palace, the Morpheus, the Londoner Macau, the Galaxy Macau, the Artelli multi-dimensional art space of New Galaxy and the teamLab supernatural space of the Venetian Macau.
The members of the delegation visited Macau's tourism facilities and experienced the "tourism +" elements of Macau firsthand, sharing Macau's tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrating the promotion and sale of the latest Macau tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attract Hong Kong tourists to expand the "joint tourism" between Hong Kong and Macau
Taking advantage of the opportunity for the resumption of normal cross-border travel, the Tourism Board has launched a promotional campaign in the Hong Kong market and introduced various promotions, including discounts on transportation tickets for travel between Hong Kong and Macau, and has launched a new promotional video to be advertised on online and offline platforms.
After inviting Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to Macau for an exchange visit and a first-hand experience of Macau's "tourism +" last month, this time the tourism industry and media representatives from Hong Kong were invited to Macau to conduct an inspection, in order to increase marketing efforts and attract Hong Kong tourists to stay and consume in Macau. The two industries also held talks to jointly expand the "joint tourism" market between Hong Kong and Macau, and promote the tourism industry in both regions, including in mainland China and overseas, in order to promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both regions.
Xi Jinping sent a letter to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team in Africa, urging them to use their medical skills to benefit the local people and to tell the story of China through their actions. - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng.cn
Xi Jinping sent a letter of encouragement to the members of the Chinese medical team in Central African Republic, urging them to use their compassion and medical skills to benefit the local people and to tell the story of China through their actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xifeng] Font size:【Large Small】
Xinhua News Agency Beijing February 10th report: On February 9th, Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the People's Republic of China, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, sent a letter to the members of the 19th Chinese medical team aiding the Central African Republic, sending greetings to them and all foreign medical aid teams, and expressing his sincere wishes.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you are both angels of mercy who save lives and heal wounds and friendly ambassadors who spread love, as you overcome difficulties in your work and life in China-Africa and serve the local people with dedication.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of Chinese medical aid teams abroad. I would like to offer my sincere condolences to those who are currently and have previously carried out medical aid missions abroad.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign medical aid is a vivid demonstration of this.
I hope that you will not forget your original aspiration and mission, and that you will vigorously promote the spirit of the Chinese Medical Team, which is not afraid of hardship, is willing to make sacrifices, saves lives and heals injuries, and is full of boundless love. You should use your medical skills to benefit the local people, tell the story of China through your actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a community with a shared future for mankind in the field of health.
Medical assistance abroad is an important component of China's foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent its first medical aid team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, it has sent 30,000 medical teams to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Oceania, providing medical treatment to 290 million people, earning widespread acclaim from the international community.
Currently, the medical team is working in 115 medical points in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th Chinese medical team to Central African Republic wrote a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on their learning and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, providing medical services to local residents, and expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a community with a shared future for human health.
The Seminar on the Study and Implementation of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the 20th CPC National Congress concluded for new members, alternate members, and provincial and ministerial-level leading cadres of the Central Committee - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng.cn
The Seminar for New Members, Alternate Members and Provincial and Departmental Leading Officials of the Central Committee on the Study and Implementation of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the 20th CPC National Congress concluded
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Xifeng] Font size:【Large Small】
Xinhua News Agency Beijing, February 10 (electronic version) -- The Seminar for New Members, Alternate Members and Provincial and Departmental Leading Cadres on Learning and Implementing the Thought of Xi Jinping on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the New Era and the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress concluded its studies on the afternoon of the 10th at the Central Party School (National Academy of Development and Strategy). Zhao Xiaochu, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the graduation ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that we should learn and implement in depth the important spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, and be more firmly committed to the "two-establishments" and the "two-observes", strengthen our capabilities and work hard, and solidly promote all the work of Chinese-style modernization, so as to create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice and the people in the process of building a socialist modernized country in all respects and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all the participants were guided by the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and carefully studied the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar. They conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges, deepening their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, and strengthening their confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, as well as their sense of responsibility and mission to fulfill their duties and work well, ensuring a good start for the new era and new journey.
At the graduation ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar delivered speeches to report and share their learning achievements.
Cai Qi said that learning and implementing the thoughts of Xi Jinping on socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress is both a top political task for the present and the future, and a long-term strategic task. We must follow the requirements of "comprehensive learning, comprehensive understanding, and comprehensive implementation" to promote the learning and implementation work to go deeper, further, and more effectively.
We must have a deeper understanding of the decisive significance of the "two establishments," resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the authority and centralized leadership of the Party Central Committee, continuously improve our political judgment, political understanding and political execution, and always maintain high consistency with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core in terms of ideology, politics and actions.
We must strive to master the skill of understanding Marxist theory, consciously use the Party's innovative theories to arm our minds, guide our practice, and promote our work, and work hard to deepen our understanding, comprehend the subtleties, and put our learning into practice, so that we can truly learn to have firm beliefs, absolute loyalty, and a sense of mission and responsibility.
We must carry out the decisions and arrangements of the 20th CPC National Congress with a spirit of hard work and dedication, solidly promote the modernization of the Chinese way, roll up our sleeves, work hard, and act as the "construction supervisor", step by step, to turn the blueprint into reality.
We must bear in mind that comprehensive strict Party discipline is a never-ending task, and the self-revolution of the Party is also a never-ending task. We must tighten and consolidate the political responsibility of comprehensive strict Party discipline, and take the lead in political construction to promote the new great project of Party building in the new era.
We must strengthen our abilities to promote high-quality development, serve the people, and prevent and resolve risks, and vigorously promote the spirit of investigation and research, resolutely preventing and overcoming formalism and bureaucratism.
Xie Tao Feng, Li Ganjie, Li Shuaile, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinkun, Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the ceremony.
Google AI chat robot "gives wrong answers" and its parent company's stock value evaporates by hundreds of billions of dollars.
(Combined report on the 11th)
Google's new artificial intelligence chatbot Bard has made a bad debut, "giving the wrong answer" in a promotional video, causing Alphabet, Google's parent company, to plunge 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark and losing $110 billion in market value (about RM47.65 billion), closing at $94.57 on Friday.
The market is concerned that Alphabet is falling behind its competitor Microsoft.
According to a report by Reuters, Google released an advertising short film about its AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier. In the film, someone asked Bard, "What new discoveries can I tell my 9-year-old child about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?"
"Bard mentioned in his response that the telescope had taken the first photo of an exoplanet outside the solar system.
However, according to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States, the first photograph of an exoplanet was taken in 2004 by the Very Large Telescope of the European Southern Observatory.
Reuters even reported under the title "Alphabet shares plunge after Bard's wrong answer."
On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response "emphasizes the importance of a rigorous testing process," and will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets high standards based on quality, safety, and authenticity."
Singapore's tourism industry is recovering strongly, with inbound tourists increasing 19 times compared to 2021
(Combined report on November 11) Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore is expected to reach 12 million to 14 million in 2023, bringing tourism revenue of about 18 billion to 21 billion New Zealand dollars; the number of tourists and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of the pre-COVID-19 level in 2019; and there is a high possibility of the tourism industry achieving full recovery in 2024.
The Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover in 2022.
The latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board show that the number of inbound tourists increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million in 2022, exceeding the earlier estimate of 4 to 6 million by the Tourism Board. Visitors have already recovered to 33% of the pre-pandemic level.
From January to September 2022, tourism revenue in Singapore totaled NT$8.96 billion. It is expected that tourism revenue for the whole year of 2022 will reach NT$13.8 billion to NT$14.3 billion, a 6-fold to 7-fold increase compared to NT$1.89 billion in 2021, and has already recovered to about 50% to 52% of the level before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019.
The Singapore government is taking multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced a grant of nearly NZD 500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Board recently announced that it plans to allocate NZ$110 million from this budget over the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract returning tourists.
In order to make health and wellness one of Singapore's tourist highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board launched an expression of interest tender on November 23, 2022, for the development of a health and wellness destination on the southern coast of Singapore.
Wang Lingli, executive director of sports and wellness tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have placed their physical health at the top of their list of considerations.
Developing a health and wellness attraction in the southern waterfront area, which includes the Marina Bay Gardens and the Marina Bay Promenade, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, encouraging visitors to spend more time and money in the country.
According to Chen Beijun, Director of the Singapore Tourism Board, health and wellness will become an important component of Singapore's tourism products in the coming years.
The COVID-19 pandemic has increased public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
For this reason, the Tourism Board has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists over the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health and Wellness Festival, offering the public more than 130 types of health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide new travel experiences for visitors.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, the Avatar World in Sentosa Harbourfront, the new "Explore New Horizons" exhibition at the Art Science Museum, and the outdoor theater newly built in the Night Safari, the Tourism Board will support the development and upgrading of projects such as the Flying Penguins Park in the Wildlife World Singapore, making Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will establish relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive travel industry by 2023, and focus on improving the problems of waste treatment and carbon emissions, further optimizing the tourism environment.
The recovery of the tourism industry in Singapore has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
According to data, as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with daily passenger numbers reaching 150,000, or about 1 million per week, which is about 75% of the pre-pandemic level. The number of airline employees on duty has also returned to about 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
Data shows that from January to October 2022, Singapore received 23.6 million visitors, which is equivalent to 42% of the pre-pandemic level, and 170,000 flights took off and landed, which is 53% of the pre-pandemic level.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also driven the recovery of the accommodation, transportation, dining, and shopping industries.
The Singapore government and tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
According to Khor Suk Dan, Assistant Director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, a survey conducted by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore's safety index ranked among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular among Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, about 3.6 million Chinese people traveled to Singapore for vacation each year.
As China relaxes its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to between a third and two-thirds of the 2019 level this year.
Kok Suet-Dan pointed out that in the future, the Tourism Board will closely monitor the signals released by China regarding its policies on outbound travel, in order to respond to changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in outbound travel from China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the tourism industry will recover faster than expected, as long as the global economy does not experience a significant recession affecting public income, and as long as there are no new large-scale fatal epidemics.
Kim Jong-un and his daughter interacted closely, while his wife was ignored
(Combined with reports on the 11th) North Korea held a military parade to celebrate the 75th anniversary of its founding on the evening of the 8th. Kim Jong-un's daughter, Kim Ju-ae, not only attended the ceremony, but also stood on the podium with her father.
The North Korean official media released a video on the 9th showing Kim Jong-un hugging his father, exchanging affectionate glances and whispers several times, and she tenderly cradled her father's cheek with her hands, even touching his chest. This father-daughter interaction was broadcasted to the whole country.
However, First Lady Liu Shiwu had to stand aside.
According to reports by "Chosun News" and other Korean media, in the official photo of Kim Jong-un and his wife Ri Sol-ju with their daughter Kim Ju-ae at the banquet on the 7th, not only was Ju-ae sitting in the center position, C position, which is rare, but the next evening, on the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army, she also stood on the podium with Kim Jong-un.
The North Korean state media, "Korean Central Television," later released footage of the parade, exposing more scenes of deep father-daughter love.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times from the podium, and their smiles never faded. They even whispered to each other in the ear, and Kim Jong-un once held his father's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un smiled back.
Other official media images also show that the mistress, Kim Jong-un, kept touching her father's face while sitting on an indoor sofa with him; and while walking with her father, she touched Kim Jong-un's chest with her hand.
First Lady Ri Sol Ju had to walk behind or sit to the side the whole time, only a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
According to South Korean media, Kim Jong-un has been appearing in public more frequently in the past three months since the November 18th test launch of the Hwasong-17 missile. This is the fifth time he has been seen in a formal setting since he first appeared in public last year.
The North Korean state media referred to Kim Jong-un as the "beloved son" and "honorable son" with the utmost respect, and also broadcasted footage of Kim Jong-un repeatedly shouting his pledge to die defending the bloodline of the Kim family while overlooking the parade from the stands.
These signs have led to speculation that Kim Jong-un has already been predetermined as the successor to the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that "this is Kim Jong-un's signal to push his teenage daughter to the position of successor," but there are also views that such a judgment is premature, and that there are still various possibilities in the case of Kim Jong-un having a son.
Changyang Q&A: How to view the unexpectedly strong January US non-farm employment data and future trends - Economic Observation Network - a professional financial news website
Q: How does Reignwood Investment view the January US non-farm employment data, which was much better than expected, and the future trend?
A: On February 3, the US Department of Labor released the January 2023 non-farm employment data. The number of new non-farm jobs was 517,000, significantly higher than the market expectation of 189,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest in nearly 50 years; the hourly wage growth rate was 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, slightly slowing down.
In terms of the overall data, there are many one-time and technical factors that disturbed the data this time, such as the return to work of striking teachers, the revision of the survey statistical scope, and the update of the seasonal factor. Subsequent revisions may be made (refer to the upward revision of the new non-farm payrolls from 504,000 to 364,000 in January 2022), and non-farm employment may not be as strong as the data shows.
In terms of structure, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still significant, but the proportion is relatively low; the newly added employment in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and health care has rebounded significantly, and the data shows that the labor shortage in the service industry still exists.
In conjunction with the equally strong service sector PMI, the rebound in job vacancies and labor shortages, and the strength of consumer credit data, we believe that the US service sector has experienced rapid recovery after the extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the supply-demand tension in the US employment market cannot be improved without a recession.
Currently, the US labor market still has a supply gap of more than 5 million, and the labor participation rate is rising slowly, especially the labor participation rate of 25-54 year olds has already approached the pre-pandemic high point.
In addition, the strong consumer demand resulting from the excess savings and consumer credit of American residents will further delay the impact of contractionary policies on the employment market.
The continued tight supply and demand in the US job market will be the backdrop of the US economy in 2023.
Coupled with the fact that interest rates are nearing the end of their cycle and inflation expectations are fluctuating, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Prior to this data release, the US stock, bond and foreign exchange markets had been overly optimistic about the Fed's path towards interest rate hikes.
As inflation data continued to improve, the Fed maintained a delicate balance between shortening the pace of interest rate hikes and sustaining market inflation expectations, but the market ignored the Fed's hawkish tone and expected not only an earlier end to interest rate hikes but also two rate cuts by the end of the year.
In the context of a tight labor market and the unclear impact of contractionary policies, we believe that the Fed's guidance on rate hikes at the end of the year is relatively reasonable. The adjustment of extreme market expectations and the congestion of trading may cause some harm to the market.
Despite this, the stubbornness of wage growth is hard to change in the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. With M2 data turning negative year-on-year and various leading indicators of CPI sub-items gradually improving, US CPI data has been turning to a period of rapid decline since October. The stubbornness of wage growth will only cushion future inflation data, and current market expectations are difficult to refute. The market may enter a new round of competition after the next inflation data is released.
Shengsheng founder Zheng Yonggang passed away due to sudden heart disease. He led the transformation of China's first listed apparel company - Economic Observer, a professional financial news website
On February 11, a WeChat public account certified by Suning Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Suning Holdings") issued an announcement that Suning Group's founder and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Suning Holdings, Zheng Yongqiang, passed away on February 10, 2023 due to sudden heart disease, which was unsuccessfully treated. He was 65 years old.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of a state-owned cotton spinning factory. When he was transferred, in 1989 Zheng Yonggang became the director of Ningbo Yun港 Garment General Factory, which was the predecessor of Xinwei Group.
In December 2022, at the 20th China Enterprise Leaders Annual Meeting and the 22nd China Enterprise Future Stars Annual Meeting, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the market share of the Suning brand had reached as high as 37%.
Suning Holdings (600884.SH) went public in 1996, becoming the first listed company in China's clothing industry.
Just as the garment business was booming, Suning Group began to transform, because Zhang Yonggang realized that "once the market is opened up, Chinese brands will naturally form a tiered brand market, and Suning Suit will not be able to remain the sole leader for a long time and become the national suit for the Chinese people"
In 1999, Suning began to research corporate transformation. Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, "When we came to Shanghai, we asked ourselves what we should transform into. We specially invited many experts and scholars and held a series of Zhuge Liang meetings and Taoyuan seminars."
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is big health with a future. "
After determining the strategic direction, Shenshang began to look for cooperation. At that time, the carbon research institute of Anshan Thermal Power Institute was doing the National 863 Project for Ansteel, and the research funds were insufficient, so Shenshang and the carbon research institute of Anshan Thermal Power Institute signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the National 863 Project "Intermediate Carbon Microspheres", engage in the research and development, production and sales of negative materials, and promote the commercialization of negative materials in the domestic market.
In 2001, Shenshan achieved the mass production of intermediary graphite spherical particles, and began to replace imports with domestic production, becoming the main supplier of intermediary graphite spherical particles in China.
This is China's first lithium-ion battery negative material production enterprise, and it has achieved the domestic production of lithium-ion battery negative materials.
As the application of lithium batteries rapidly spread, SUNPLAST's lithium battery business began to develop gradually. In 2007, the lithium material business was written into the main business of SUNPLAST, and the proportion of revenue from the clothing business decreased year by year until 2013, when the revenue from SUNPLAST's lithium material business completely surpassed that of the clothing business.
In February 2021, Shanshan successfully acquired the LG Chem polarizing film business and entered the LCD polarizing film market, and established a polarizing film company called Shengjing Optoelectronics. This field has a relatively high technological content, and Shanshan's main competitors are all Fortune Global 500 companies, such as Samsung in South Korea, Sumitomo Chemical in Japan, and JDI.
Zheng Yonggang once shared his experience in post-investment management. "The probability of Chinese private enterprises acquiring some high-tech companies internationally is relatively low. Why do these acquisitions fail?
Everyone will consider, I spent so much money, I must send someone to manage it, this is a common behavior," however, Zheng Yonggang is different, on the day of the successful acquisition of Sunshine, Zheng Yonggang announced in front of Sunshine Semiconductor that Sunshine, as a major shareholder of Sunshine Semiconductor, decided to implement a dual-system management, except that Zheng Yonggang served as the chairman of the board, no one from Sunshine Enterprise would be sent to Sunshine Semiconductor, and the existing distribution system, corporate culture, various management modes, etc. would remain unchanged and adopt the management by authorization.
ICC Xintong Information released the negative data for 2022, showing that the negative electrode of Shanshan exceeded 200,000 tons in shipments in 2022, with a year-on-year increase of 100%, accounting for 16% of the market share, and the negative electrode material of artificial graphite ranked first in shipments.
In terms of polarizing film business, Yano Research statistics show that the market share of Sunkyung Electronics, a subsidiary of the company, reached 29% in the global market in 2022, and it is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the global market.
In the first three quarters of 2022, SunSun shares' revenue was RMB 15.841 billion, and net profit was RMB 2.313 billion. On February 10, SunSun shares were priced at RMB 19.24 per share, with a total market value of RMB 43.6 billion.
On February 9, Sunsun said on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's graphitized effective capacity will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitized capacity of the Meishan project is still in the process of ramping up.
Wand said that at present, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshui.
Tianyancha shows that Zeng Yonggang holds a total shareholding proportion of 40.1% in Shanshui Cultivation Holdings Limited.
The general manager of Sunsun is Li Zhixia, born in 1968. He has served as the chairman of Dongguan Sunsun Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Sunsun New Materials Technology Co., Ltd., and Hunan Sunsun Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and as the deputy general manager of Ningbo Sunsun Holdings Co., Ltd.
Sunsun Holdings stated on the investor interaction platform on February 10 that there is no family relationship between the senior management of the company and the actual controllers of the company.
"Fund E Account" has arrived: the CSRC authorizes the development of the consolidation and inquiry of all funds held by investors - Economic Observer - a professional financial news website
Reporter Chen Miao, Economic Observer. The purchase of funds through multiple channels makes it difficult to collect account information?
Always forgetting the "petty cash"?
The problems of the base people are about to be solved.
On February 10, the CSRC announced that the "Fund E Account" app was available for download and public testing on various mobile app stores.
"Fund E Account" provides a "one-stop" query service for public fund accounts and share information for individual investors, aiming to solve the pain points of forgetting accounts and complicated queries for small and medium-sized investors.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were a total of 156 public fund management companies in the country, managing fund assets of about 26 trillion yuan; there were 167 public fund share registration institutions and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The account systems of each share registration institution are independent of each other, and there is no unified query channel for the industry.
According to industry insiders, at the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in China, which means that half of the country's population invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to check their purchase history through different sales institutions. With the "fund E account," investors can check their purchase history across all sales channels, making it easy to keep track of their holdings.
What is the "Fund E Account" app?
According to the relevant documents, the "Fund E Account" app is a mobile application developed and constructed by China Securities for the public fund industry, which has been approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with one-stop inquiry into the off-exchange shareholding of all public fund products in the market.
Investors can conveniently and quickly obtain information about their holdings of off-exchange shares of publicly offered fund products under various fund managers purchased through all sales channels in the market through "Fund E Account", which can greatly improve the efficiency of inquiries.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through "Fund E Account" includes fund account information opened at all public fund managers, transaction account information opened at public fund sales institutions, and the off-exchange shareholding of products such as publicly offered securities investment funds and asset management plans established and managed by securities companies, which do not have a limit of 200 investors.
Liu Yicheng, the person in charge of business at Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told the reporter from Economic Observer that investors can use the "Fund E Account" app to obtain a comprehensive view of all their holdings of offshore publicly offered funds, helping them to "recover their forgotten assets." More importantly, the app provides customers with comprehensive account information on their fund investments, allowing them to manage their investments more timely, accurately, and completely, and thus better optimize their fund portfolios and plan their financial arrangements.
How do I register and use it?
The reporter noted that the "Fund E Account" app is now available in the app stores of Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and vivo, but the app is still in the public testing phase. To register, you need to fill in an invitation code, which can be obtained by contacting the fund management company that manages the fund you hold.
A customer service representative from a large public fund in Shanghai provided an invitation code with six digits to the reporter of Economic Observer and told the reporter, "During the trial run of the APP, China Clearing provides a certain number of invitation codes to each fund manager, which investors can obtain by calling us, and we will provide them.
After the trial run is over, users will no longer need an invitation code to register.
”
The reporter registered an account and completed a search by downloading and using the relevant documents for "Fund E account" published on the official website of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. The whole process only took a few minutes and was divided into four steps: user registration, real name authentication, bonding of fund accounts, and publicly offered fund search.
After the real name authentication step, click the "Assets" fund binding button. All fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms will appear in the binding option list (bindable accounts). After binding, you can see the total assets of the funds you have invested in at a glance and can start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the "Fund E account" only provides query services for investors and cannot be used for redemption and trading.
The data displayed in the "Fund E account" is generally the date of the user's query (T day) plus three trading days in the past.
For example, on February 10, when you opened the "Fund E account," the total assets, fund shares, and net asset value displayed on the asset page were for the three trading days prior to that date, i.e., February 7.
Copyright Notice: The above content is an original work of Economic Observer, and the copyright belongs to Economic Observer.
Without the permission of the Economic Observer, any reproduction or mirroring is strictly prohibited, and the relevant parties will be held legally responsible.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
The United States, Japan, and the Philippines have reached a consensus on defense against the CCP
Asia - On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan to meet with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Both sides agreed to oppose the CCP's infringement on the South China Sea and East China Sea. The leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement after the meeting, saying that they would conduct substantive defense exchanges through the signing of a trilateral defense agreement with the United States and oppose the CCP's hegemonic policies.
According to Japanese media reports, Kishida wants to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to address the crisis in the Taiwan Strait.
Xiaomakos visited China in early January this year and signed a US$20 billion agreement.
But after that, Sino-Philippine relations not only did not improve, but actually deteriorated.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to the US military in order to ensure security in the South China Sea.
The new base is located 300 kilometers from Taiwan and is the closest location to China.
If a crisis were to occur in Taiwan, the US military might launch an operation from its base in the Philippines.
Japanese media believes that now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia, and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States, and are building a "counter-China arc" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
When Kuomintang Vice Chairman Shih Jiaying visited China, he conveyed the message from Song Tao that the Green Party is welcome to visit Taiwan under the 92 Consensus
This time, the Vice Chairman of the Chinese Nationalist Party of Taiwan, Shih Li-yun, met with both the Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the Chinese government, Song Tao, and the member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, Wang Huning, during his visit to China.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor to the Kuomintang's official institution, the Guoguang Foundation, gave an interview to the Taiwanese Central News Agency yesterday evening, and gave a positive evaluation of Song Tao's statement to Xi Lianyin, saying that as long as they accept the "92 Consensus" and oppose Taiwan independence, China welcomes Green Party members to visit the mainland.
The KMT side evaluated it as a new thing.
Xia Liying's meeting with Song Tao earlier in the day was not mentioned in the news report that day.
The governing Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan has been clarifying its rejection of the "92 Consensus" for days.
According to Central News Agency today, the delegation led by Kuomintang Vice Chairman Shi Lizhi visited China, and during their stay in Beijing, they met with Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, and the new Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, Song Tao, as well as with Beijing's Secretary-General, Yin Li.
When Shi Liliang and Song Tao met, they discussed the political foundation of the Guomindang and the Kuomintang, which is the "92 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor of the Nationalist Party's National Government Fund, said in the meeting that the "92 Consensus" of the Nationalist Party is the original "92 Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this was different from the previous conferences he participated in.
In recent video conferences with scholars on the mainland, as well as in this one, I have not heard any scholars discussing the use of force or the "anti-secession law"; instead, there has been talk of resuming exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the situation between the two sides was tense and dangerous, and the mainland of China hoped to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the CCP and the DPP, the latter still wants to do a good job of working with Taiwanese, and the representatives do not want to ruin cross-strait relations.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also gave instructions to Song Tao in person, saying "You must implement the demands made by them [Taiwanese farmers and fishermen]" and, if it is not possible to solve the problem comprehensively, to handle each case separately.
The report did not mention whether the KMT members mentioned the issue of Chinese military aircraft and naval vessels harassing Taiwan on a daily basis during their visit to the mainland, the agricultural and fishery problems in some counties and cities in Taiwan, or whether the reporters from Central News Agency asked such questions during their interviews.
The AFL-CIO is again mobilizing a major march against the government's retirement reform plan.
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions launched a nationwide mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of action in the social backlash against the government's proposed pension reform bill.
The number of people who respond to the call for the rally may affect the trade union group's next course of action.
This is the fourth time in a month that the eight major French trade unions have jointly launched a nationwide mobilization, and the first time that the protests have been scheduled for a Saturday.
As Saturday is a day off for most French people, they do not need to choose between participating in a demonstration and going on a wage strike, and the trade union groups therefore hope that today's gathering will attract more people to participate.
The unions of the public transportation system, subway, and public railway companies did not call for a strike today, and the public transportation system should be able to operate normally. Citizens can take the bus to the rally venue, and people in areas where schools start winter vacation can also travel normally.
The trade union groups hope that more than a million people will participate in the rally today, while the police expect a national turnout of between 600,000 and 800,000, with 90,000 to 120,000 people expected to gather in the Paris city center.
Since the beginning of the protests against the government's pension reform plan, although polls show that most French people do not support measures to delay the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people actually taking to the streets to participate in the protests has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 brought together 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of protesters on Tuesday (February 7) has dwindled to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
This pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition parties, especially those led by the radical left, submitted numerous amendment proposals, which slowed down the deliberation process.
The debates between the two sides have also become increasingly intense and acrimonious.
A member of the radical left-wing party France Insoumise recently posted a picture of himself on social media standing on a balloon with the image of the Minister of Labor, sparking protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly ultimately announced a 15-day ban on the member's parliamentary activities as punishment for this behavior.
Although this reform plan has triggered the largest social movement in France in more than 20 years, so far the government has made only minor adjustments to the draft and has not made any major concessions.
The trade union has already prepared to launch another action on Thursday next week, March 16th. On March 7th, when the reform draft is sent to the Senate for discussion, the trade union also plans to organize a demonstration.
China encourages higher birth rates by donating sperm to universities, with high quality standards
The sperm bank in Yunnan Province, China, issued an announcement on the 9th, inviting those with a college degree or above or students to donate sperm. Successful donors will receive a subsidy of RMB 4,500 for donating 8 to 12 times.
According to Taiwanese media reports today, the message became a trending topic on Weibo on the same day, and prompted many provinces and cities, including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong, and Beijing, to follow suit.
According to a report by the Liberty Times, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
The donation criteria for universities in different regions are different. The donation criteria for donors in Beijing are the highest. In addition to academic qualifications, they also require donors to be over 1.7 meters tall, have a good appearance, no obvious hair loss, and no higher than 600 degrees of myopia.
According to the report, the sperm bank in Yunnan Province stated that donors could receive a full male reproductive health check-up worth 1000 yuan, "especially the semen and chromosome tests, which most people have never done before, and are very important for understanding their reproductive status."
The donor requirements include a height of 165 cm or above, a college degree or higher, no color blindness or weakness, and no genetic or infectious diseases such as hepatitis B.
According to a report by China's Tianmu News, the human sperm bank in Shaanxi Province has a poster with the slogan "Donate sperm for money, it's an honor" to encourage young people to donate sperm, and it also encourages netizens to forward the message, "to spread love."
The price in Shaanxi is higher than that in Yunnan. Eligible individuals can receive RMB 300 in cash each time, and those who donate sperm a certain number of times can receive a subsidy of RMB 5,000.
Currently, the highest known price is in Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
The last communist prime minister of East Germany has passed away.
The successors of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that "last night Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
Therefore, our party has lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the Berlin Wall, which had separated East Berlin from West Berlin for 28 years, was opened, Modrow said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.
At the time, the communist leaders were forced to step down due to protests across East Germany demanding democracy and freedom.
After coming to power in the Soviet Union, Gorbachev (Mikhail Gorbachev) demanded changes in the Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free election in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results led to him no longer serving as Prime Minister.
Although Modrow implemented reforms, his opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and reunification that occurred in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for attempting to reform rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Mordell was found guilty of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but did not go to prison.
Some have claimed that these accusations are politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament, and from 1999 to 2004 he served as a member of the European Parliament.
Modero sees himself as a reformer and hopes to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said that the achievements of East Germany should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica in Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader in the youth fire brigade and, as the conflict drew to a close, became a member of the Nazi militia organization, the Volkssturm, which conscripted men aged 16 to 60 to fight in the final battles.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by the Soviet army and taken as a prisoner of war to the Soviet Union, where he took part in anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he returned to his homeland and found work as a mechanic. He continued his studies in social sciences and economics and earned a doctorate.
Modrow was a member of the Free German Youth movement, which almost all East German youth joined, and which, between 1973 and 1989, was able to promote its members to the leadership of the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) in the Dresden region.
He also served in the parliament of East Germany for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state office.
Iran marks revolution anniversary, hackers who support protests shocked by president's TV speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official gathering on Saturday to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted a televised speech by President Ebrahim Raisi.
The president's live televised speech was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute, and a group of anti-Iranian government hackers, named "Edalat Ali (Ali's Justice)," appeared on the screen.
There was also a voice shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic."
According to a report by Reuters today, hackers disrupted the coverage of the national television station during the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution.
As Iran's official commemoration of the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution took place, the hardline government in Lacey faced its boldest challenge yet from young protesters demanding their ouster, but Lacey still called on "young people who have been deceived" to repent so that they can receive pardon from Iran's highest leader.
Protests across the country continue in Iran following the death of 22-year-old Amineh Mahsa Amini in custody of the country's morality police in September.
The Iranian security forces' deadly crackdown on protests is one of the most significant challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since the 1979 revolution overthrew 2,500 years of monarchy.
As part of the commemoration of the anniversary of the revolutionary amnesty, the Iranian authorities released on Friday the imprisoned dissident Farhad Meysami and the Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelkhah, who had been on hunger strike in protest.
Earlier, the supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty decree that includes some prisoners arrested during the recent anti-government protests.
According to human rights organization HRANA, as of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors.
Another 70 government security personnel were reportedly killed.
It is believed that as many as 19,763 protesters were arrested.
Iranian leaders and state media have been calling for people to vote in Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government for weeks.
On the night of Friday, the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, official media showed fireworks as part of the government-sponsored celebrations, and people shouted "Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!)".
However, many people at the rally were also heard shouting "Down with the dictator!"
" and the "Death of the Islamic Republic" in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, the government television station broadcast live footage of official rallies held in all the states of the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, domestically produced anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers, and other military equipment were showcased.
President Leshy's speeches are often interrupted by the "USA, go to hell" chant - a signature chant at rallies in the state.
The crowd also shouted "Death to Israel."
Reuters said that Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, which is a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on charges of national security.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she returned to prison.
Adelkhah denied the allegations.
Meszaros was released a week ago after his supporters warned that he was at risk of death due to his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of headscarves.
The French Foreign Ministry called for the restoration of Adelkhah's freedom on Friday, following her release, "including if she wishes, she should be allowed to return to France.
”
Did the balloon incident open the eyes of the United States?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a report in the Wall Street Journal today, the United States is preparing to further tighten its export of technology to China following the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials say the balloon incident highlights the national security threat posed by China and will generate more political support for strengthening U.S. technology protections.
The United States claims that the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior official of the US Central Intelligence Agency and current employee of the Washington think tank New America Security Center.
"This is undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire and supporting the hard-line view on China."
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday, "We will also consider taking broader action to expose and respond to China's larger scale surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security as well as that of our allies and partners.
"US officials said they had informed the governments of more than 30 countries about the balloon incident, and international coordination is crucial to counter the threat from China.
According to Emily Benso, a senior research fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Select Committee on the Strategic Competition Between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party in the US House of Representatives may also put pressure on the United States to take more severe measures to slow down China's development.
She said that members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a harder stance, which could in turn force the White House to adopt a more hardline policy.
The Wall Street Journal states that many who advocate for stricter export controls are also pushing for the scope of the controls to be expanded to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The U.S. government has also been developing a foreign investment review plan to examine whether U.S. investments overseas pose potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls to move more quickly to implement the plan.
Syria-Turkey earthquake relief efforts continue day and night
Since the strong earthquake that hit Turkey and its neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked tirelessly day and night in the ruins of thousands of buildings destroyed by the earthquake to rescue survivors buried under rubble.
In the cold, they often called for silence, as they strained to hear any sign of life from the crumbling pile of concrete.
According to a report by Reuters today, two more women were rescued from the rubble of the earthquake after surviving for several days.
However, the death toll caused by the earthquake rose to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey was 20,665, and in Syria it exceeded 3,500.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that occurred on Monday was followed by several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria. It is the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan and coming close to the 31,000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
A similar strong earthquake that occurred in northwestern Turkey in 1999 caused the deaths of more than 17,000 people.
Two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years, Turkish authorities said on Saturday, and were rescued by emergency workers from the rubble of a collapsed building in Turkey.
Another injured man, 55-year-old Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In the cold, rescuers often call for silence as they strain to hear any signs of life from the crumbling pile of concrete.
In the Samandag district of Turkey, rescuers crouched under the concrete slabs, whispering "Inshallah" - "God willing" - as they carefully reached into the rubble to rescue a newborn, just 10 days old.
He opened his eyes wide as the baby, Yagiz Ulas, was wrapped in a warm blanket and taken to the field hospital.
Video footage shows that the emergency personnel also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale-faced on the stretcher, but conscious.
Fuat Oktay, the Vice President of Turkey, told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, and a total of 31,000 rescue workers had been deployed to the affected areas.
He said that about 80,000 people were receiving treatment in hospitals, while 1.05 million people had been left homeless by the earthquake and were crammed into makeshift shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, the public's doubts about the two countries' leaders' response to the disaster are increasing.
According to Syrian official media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma visited a hospital in Aleppo, which is reported to be the first time he has visited the affected area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said that its stocks in the northwest of Syria, which is controlled by the rebels, were running out due to the complicated rescue work caused by the war situation.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adiyaman province, where he admitted that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is seeking re-election in a vote on May 14 that could be postponed because of the disaster.
Reuters said that anger over the delay in providing aid and starting rescue efforts could affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge to Erdoğan's 20-year rule.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called "negative campaigning for political gain."
Kemal Kilicdaroglu, leader of Turkey's main opposition party, criticized the government's response.
Critics said, "The earthquake was big, but what is more serious than the earthquake is the lack of coordination, lack of planning, and incompetence.
”
Vietnam News Agency Hanoi – According to a report by a special correspondent of Vietnam News Agency, during his visit to Brunei Darussalam, on the morning of February 11, Nguyen Tan Dung, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, also known as "Brunei University").
The University of Brunei Darussalam is the largest center of higher education and scientific research in Brunei, and is ranked third in the university rankings in the region.
The University of Brunei Darussalam is one of the symbols of Vietnam's and Brunei's cooperation in education and training.
In July 2013, the University of Brunei Darussalam officially established a cooperative relationship with Vietnam's FPT University, with English language training as the main area of cooperation.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese, and Korean as foreign languages, the University of Brunei Darussalam has also included Vietnamese in its curriculum.
During a visit to the University of Brunei Darussalam, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Phan Van Khai, and his wife had an exchange with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Phan Van Giang is happy that more and more foreigners are interested in learning Vietnamese, and he is making a positive contribution to promoting the unique cultural characteristics and local customs of Vietnam to the rest of the world.
The Prime Minister of the Government, Pahn Meng Thum, expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching team of the University of Brunei Darussalam will become stronger and stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language class will become more and more interested in the Vietnamese language, strive to learn it well, and be able to use fluent Vietnamese soon, and become ambassadors of the friendly and cooperative relationship between the two countries.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh also took the opportunity to communicate with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Tien Giang City via video, to learn about their study situation, especially during the pandemic.
According to Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung, the cooperative relationship between Vietnam's FPT University and the University of Brunei Darussalam, especially the FPT-UBD Global Centre, is a vivid symbol of the cooperative relationship between Vietnam and Brunei in education.
At the same time, the students of the center are expected to make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and the two countries.
Prime Minister Phan Minh Giang highly praised the achievements of the two countries in educational cooperation during his discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of Brunei University, including the cooperation between FPT University and Brunei University, and the initiative of Brunei University to include Vietnamese language in its teaching curriculum.
Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha hopes that the University of Brunei Darussalam will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the size of the Vietnamese language program.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung also highly evaluated the positive results of cooperation between the two countries based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Educational Cooperation signed in April 2014; he suggested that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs, such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng highly appreciated the establishment of the first branch campus of Brunei University in Vietnam; believes that the university's development scale in the region and the world is increasingly strong; and will further expand cooperative relations with Vietnamese higher education institutions.
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha and his wife planted a commemorative tree in the campus of the University of Brunei Darussalam and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha wished that the University of Brunei Darussalam would continue to develop and contribute more and more to Brunei's education, and that it would develop deeper and broader cooperation with Vietnamese educational and training institutions.
(Finished)
Vietcombank
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and his wife successfully completed their official visits to Singapore and Brunei, achieving comprehensive, practical and specific results, according to a report by the Vietnam News Agency in Hanoi.
In the three days of his visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingcheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements made have injected new impetus into the promotion of the strategic partnership and comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and Laos, which will continue to develop in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh continued to reiterate Vietnam's foreign policy of independence, pluralism, and change, and the country's desire to be a good friend and reliable partner to all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of each country, and the commitment to promoting the welfare of their respective peoples, as well as to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At various meetings and conferences, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai agreed with the leaders of Singapore and Brunei that political mutual trust with Vietnam should be continuously strengthened through the exchange of high-level delegations, the effective implementation of bilateral cooperation mechanisms, and the signing of important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnership with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening Comprehensive Partnership with Brunei in the period of 2023-2027 are the two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economic Partnership.
Image from Vietnam News Agency
During the meeting with business leaders, the symposium or the attendance of economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates favorable conditions for Singapore and Brunei businesses to expand their investment scope in digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity in Vietnam.
This visit will not only help deepen the cooperation between Vietnam, Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, foreign affairs, economy, security, defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also create a cooperation framework for the countries in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart city, and sustainable development.
The King of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah, and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter into bilateral talks.
Image from Vietnam News Agency
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Minh Chinh arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the Vietnamese communities living in the local areas.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Phan Van Mai suggested that the authorities of both countries pay more attention to ensuring that the local Vietnamese community is treated fairly, and create favorable conditions for the local community to contribute to society and foster relations between the two countries.
Both leaders agreed to and supported the proposal.
In particular, Prime Minister Fan Mingjiang shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable, and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain solidarity and collaboration with ASEAN countries and enhance the central role of ASEAN in a complex and changing regional and international context.
Prime Minister Phan Van Mai made an official visit to Singapore and Brunei, during which he made significant contributions to the effective implementation of the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam, which prioritizes strengthening relations with ASEAN neighboring countries, the effective implementation of the 12th conclusion of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam on Vietnamese overseas affairs in the new situation (12-KL/TW), and the mobilization of the national unity force.
(Finished)
What exactly was the "object" that was shot down over Alaska?
Confusion and speculation abound.
The US military used the most advanced stealth fighter jet, the F-22, to shoot down an unidentified object flying in the airspace of Alaska, USA, on Friday afternoon (February 10).
The crash site is ten miles from the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the US military has shot down an aerial object.
Last Saturday, a Chinese spy balloon was shot down over the coast near South Carolina in the United States after drifting in US airspace for several days.
The Pentagon said the second object, which entered US airspace for the first time on Thursday night, was tracked by the US military as it moved over northeast Alaska at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet), about the size of a small car. It was much smaller than the previous Chinese spy balloon that was shot down.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no evidence that the object is maneuverable.
John Coby, the Strategic Communications Coordinator of the National Security Council at the White House, said on Friday that although the specific appearance of the object flying in the high sky was unclear, it "posed a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation."
Kobe said that the object was different from the spy balloon found in the United States, as it did not have a "payload" attached to it.
Kobe said, "We call it a 'body' as it is the best description we can give at this point."
President Biden listened to the advice of the Pentagon before ordering the object to be shot down, and he made the decision "very carefully," Cobie added.
The official description of the object by the United States can be roughly summarized as follows: it is the size of a small car, has no control stick, no suspension system, and flies at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But this information still does not answer basic questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is carrying out.
Many analyses and speculations online suggest that it may be another Chinese balloon.
It may have come from China, just like the spy balloon that invaded US airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, and it may have been performing some sort of mission in a different location.
Some people have linked this "object" in Alaska to "unidentified flying objects" (UFOs).
A report by the American news weekly cited a tweet posted on Friday by Peter Meijer, a former member of the US House of Representatives, saying, "I really hope that this 'unidentified flying object' is a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO."
"It is surprising that the irony of mixing alien spacecraft with weather balloons should be a cause for an intergalactic conflict," said Mayer.
Mejia tweeted this shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek says that it is not just Mejia who suspects that the object is a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Congressman Tim Burchett criticized the government's cover-up of intelligence last month, and demanded that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
Amazon's customer service attitude is hard to believe.
I'm guessing that very few people have seen this, but I'll say a few words anyway.
The shirt that we bought with a drawstring hood was originally a short-sleeved shirt, and it was eventually sent to me as such.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service, and at that time, it was confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I requested a refund, and the customer service representative said they would handle it. Then, I immediately saw that the name of the product had been changed to a short-sleeved one, and I realized that the link I had bought had been taken down.
The customer service then informed me that I could either keep the goods and receive a certain amount of compensation, or return them.
Is this how Amazon operates?
It's really hard to believe that the wrong clothes being sent to me is not my problem. As a consumer, I want to receive the product I'm entitled to, and I didn't make any exaggerated demands. Amazon changed the name and said it was out of stock.
This is my first long review, and I hope it's not my last.
Sleeves that are incomprehensible to people
It is said to be made of leather, and it is indeed quite hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks on it, making it unclear whether it is genuine leather. Moreover, the sleeves of this coat are truly incomprehensible. The sleeves of a jacket are usually longer than the sleeves of a dress, but usually only by 1-2 cm. This coat is 5 cm longer, and the arms should naturally hang down at the position of the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this coat cover the fingers.
It's easy to buy clothes, and it's easy to return them.
But when will the money be returned?
The clothes were well made, but since the size was too small, I had to return them. However, it has been more than a week since I returned the clothes, and I still haven't received a refund?
And to have to contact the dishonest FedEx, which is the worst shopping experience since I started buying from Amazon!
However, the store was good and cooperated actively to speed up the delivery and refund, but the whole process of Fullpeak Express was really infuriating. It took about half a month to refund the money. This partner is just trying to slow down Amazon. The efficiency is poor and there is no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
It's a 99 Second Killer.
The workmanship, color, and feel of the cotton underpants are all good. They are soft and thin, and have no gasoline smell.
Unfortunately, the style is slim-fit and better suited for younger people.
3XL, flat waist circumference 2 feet 5 inches, maximum stretch size 4 feet, 1.79/80 kg, the waist is a little tight when worn.
It seems like there is no drawstring at the waist, and it is quite difficult to loosen the waistband.
Also, it's uncomfortable to wear something so tight.
It's good, but not very brightly colored.
I just bought it and it has already gone up by more than 200 yuan. What's going on?
The first time Amazon used the delivery service, the package was not delivered at home. After the first delivery attempt, the delivery person was contacted twice to arrange a new delivery time, but the delivery person still did not deliver the package. The package was eventually returned to me, and I strongly recommend that you never use this dishonest delivery service called Tian Tian Lao Bao.
This time, they also gave me a refund for the hoodie, and the price went up by more than 100 yuan after I tried it on again.
Amazon should not sell its own products
Buy it during the special price promotion, it's not cheap, but the reviews are very good.
When I received the product, I was stunned to see that the surface was heavily worn in many places, and there was wear in many other places as well. It was either a substandard product or a used one, as shown in the picture below.
I applied for a return, and the manufacturer's people said it was due to transportation after seeing the pictures, isn't that just nonsense?
How could there be wear and tear inside the goods?
There are only two possibilities: either it's a substandard or old product, or I deliberately damaged the product and then returned it for a refund.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I did not damage the product, but based on my Amazon shopping record, I think such products should not be included in Amazon's own products. Customers choose Amazon's own products because they trust them. Customer win, we win. The customer's victory is the manufacturer's victory. I hope we can all work together to improve this, thank you.
I have had this product for less than a year and it has already developed two E2s. I don't know how to handle this?
I purchased this product on July 30, 2015, but the right two sets of E2 lights on the receiver turned red in March 2016. This should be a problem with the transmitting module, right? This doesn't seem to match the 7-year lifespan of the transmitting module mentioned on the Amazon website. I can't find any after-sales service on the Amazon website, so I don't know what to do?
It's okay.
The first purchase was a bad one.
It doesn't feel new.
The labels on the box were torn off, and the labels on the body of the machine were damaged.
And it always goes blank.
It's better now.
The switch is pretty fast, and it's a bit blurry at night, and the field of view isn't very wide, but it's good enough for normal home use.
The only downside is that there is no card, I bought it myself, and also that I have bought a phone from Amazon before.
There is a sticker on the packaging to prevent it from being opened, but there wasn't one this time. When I bought the phone, there was a sticker that looked like it could be pasted onto the warranty card, but there wasn't one this time.
I am confused because I don't know if it's because the price has gone down or not.
Waiting for the supplier to respond
The packaging had no label, so I called the supplier and said that the answer was that it was authentic, as there was no label. If you doubt it, you can send it to Johnson & Johnson for inspection using the scraps on the edges and corners. Leave your license plate number and phone number, and they will send you a text message to enter your information into the warranty card on the Johnson & Johnson website. Have you received the text message yet?
I received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's own products are also very reliable.
The mechanic who changed the oil said the oil was bright and clean, which is a good sign.
Because it was the second purchase.
So I am still very reassured.
The delivery was fast, the package was not picky, and after using this oil, the engine noise was significantly reduced.
It is good value for money, and it is hard to find synthetic engine oil for less than two hundred.
Support Star Crown, support winning, and effectively protect your car.
Japanese Amazon caused serious harm to the interests of buyers due to customer service issues (shipping a 8cm pill bug as a 8c pill bug) (8c = 14cm, 8cm = 2c)
Admitting the mistake, but always shirking responsibility, and always emphasizing that the goods were third-party goods and could not be controlled by the third party.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
I originally purchased the page in size options of 7c, 8, and 9c, thinking that this was a trap. I called the Chinese customer service of JD.com and clearly stated that 8 was 8c. However, when the goods arrived in China, I found that there was only 8cm. I think this was a deliberate trap set up to cheat Chinese people (according to Amazon's after-sales service). Now, this option is no longer available on the page.
Chinese customer service: I'm sorry for causing you losses. We have two options for you:
1. You can return the item, and the buyer will bear all the shipping costs.
2. If you do not return the item, we will compensate you with 1000 yen.
(I'll do the math for you. The shoes are over 4,000 yen, which is equivalent to 200 RMB. Option 1 is selected, and I don't have any shoes, so the loss is 200 yuan.
Choice 2: I have shoes, and I was compensated 2,000 yen in the end, and the final loss was 150 RMB. Customer service: We have recorded it, and we will handle it seriously. The next day, they sent me a return email saying that I do not accept the mediation by the Chinese customer service, and that was the end of it.
I said: When the purchase page had confusing options like 7c, 8c, and 9c, the Chinese customer service representative helped me understand that Japanese common codes do not have c in them, like 140, but did you check other bug pages?
There are cases where there are both American codes and Japanese codes mixed together.
Besides, why did you put the 8cm size in between the 7c and 9c sizes, which is the smallest size, what's the point of putting it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese services, but we don't know if you want to ship it back to your country, so we won't reimburse your shipping fees.
I don't understand this logic anymore. I am Japanese, and I need Chinese customer service. Chinese living in Japan don't need Chinese customer service. Tourists visiting Japan don't have the time to call international long distance, so the question is, who needs to call the Chinese customer service for Amazon Global Store? It's probably people like me who shop on Japanese Amazon.
Isn't Amazon's Chinese customer service just convenient for those who do cross-border shopping?
I was not very satisfied with this purchase.
This is the second time I have purchased Bambix diapers from Amazon. I had bought a box of them for my baby when he was 2 months old. I chose the diapers made of imported European paper. The first time I bought them, I was quite satisfied with the experience. My baby used one diaper all night long, and it really did allow me to go 12 hours without changing his diaper.
However, when I bought L-brand diapers this time, I found that there were two packages in one box, and the paper felt softer than that of the imported Pampers; after opening the package, I found that there was a clear difference between the two, and the paper was softer than that of the imported Pampers. After using it on my baby, I found that it was still okay, and there was no sign of leaks or rashes.
However, when the second pack of diapers was used, red rashes appeared immediately on the inside of the baby's thighs, and they have not faded away to this day.
I suspect that the two packets in one box are of different quality.
I won't be buying from them again!
Wish to emphasize the protection of the transportation of the package
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have seen in all my online shopping. There is absolutely no protection, no cushioning foam, no buffer material for the package, nothing at all.
Just a deformed box.
And the cardboard boxes inside the soft plastic box packaging were crushed and deformed.
I hope it's the real thing and of good quality, so that I won't be so hesitant to buy things from Amazon in the future.
I would rather pay a little more at home, but have some guarantees.
Moreover, the issue of packaging for consumer goods has been commented on in 2016, and it still looks the same now, 19 years later.
This shows that Amazon doesn't care about service feedback at all, and is far behind domestic e-commerce giants such as JD and Tmall.
Beautiful, but a bit of a shame
I really like the color of the entire cup, which is a bright orange. Although my family is a man's family, I still think that orange and yellow look great together.
Smaller than I imagined, but it was meant to be taken out of the house, so it's still acceptable.
I took it home last night and tried it out. After opening the bottle cap, the distance between the straw and the cap was too close. Because the straw is positioned vertically, my son always has to hold the bump on the cap with his mouth to drink, and he thinks this part could be improved.
It seems that the straw cups of other brands are tilted for a reason, and when it comes to children's products, safety and comfort really do matter.
Lightweight and high capacity
I like that it's lightweight and has a large opening, but the two separate compartments seem a bit excessive to me; I'm not sure what to put in them.
After I bought it, I found that there was another one from a different brand that was very similar at a price of less than 200 yuan.
Fake goods, they are particularly bad.
I bought fake goods from Amazon, and I was fooled.
The customer service person said that since I used it, I couldn't return it, and I didn't know it was fake because I didn't use it.
Because of trust, it is heartbreaking. After all, it is a makeup product. So, go to a physical store and buy it. It's worth the extra cost.
Because it was a flash sale, I didn't read the comments, and I have already submitted the e-commerce platform to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let's fight for our rights together.
Is it broken?
Fake goods?
In short, a tragedy.
The second patch was chosen for its fine pores, but when I opened it, it had a strange smell. I thought it was normal because I had never used this product before. But when I put it on my face, I couldn't stand it anymore. It had a very strong smell that can't be described. I coughed immediately after inhaling the smell, and my eyes were also very painful and teary. I immediately took it off to wash my face.
I tried another copy of the same product, but it doesn't have as strong a flavor, and I'm currently using it.
It reminded me a bit of the smell of cheap hair dye in a salon.
It's hard to imagine that Amazon's own-brand skincare products will be off the market from now on.
Traitors!
At the time of purchase, the activity page said that when you spend 99 yuan, you will receive a set of "Three-Body Universe" for free. However, the product did not come with this free item. When I called customer service, they asked me to show them the screenshot of the activity at the time of purchase. The problem is that whoever bought the product would have saved the webpage screenshot, and you need the customer to provide you with the screenshot of your own activity. Buyers, please be careful and save evidence next time.
After-feeling
This is the first time I bought something from Amazon, and I have several feelings about it. First, let's talk about the experience of using the product. The first one is indeed painless, and there is no stimulating taste. Overall, it's pretty good. It took about 8 minutes to wipe off, but there was a small amount of sweat and dirt on it. If you don't look closely, you won't notice it. So, overall, it's pretty good. As for the rest, I will continue to observe and use it again to see how it goes.
Anyway, I think this stuff is really good.
I placed an order on the 27th and received the goods on the 12th, which was a total of 15 days or half a month. The delivery person from Amazon was also very nice.
Third, don't believe Amazon's Black Friday anymore. Order on Friday and the price will be cheaper by nearly 12 dollars after two days. I bought it for more than 170 dollars (including shipping and other fees), and it felt like they were raising the price for the event.
The customer service representative said that the price fluctuates, but after I paid attention for more than 10 days, the price was just like this, with not much fluctuation.
Affordable price, made in Japan, with Chinese labels, with granules, and absolutely worth the buy!
The toothpaste with grains in it is refreshingly smooth, and your teeth feel silky after use. It's better than some other brands out there. They claim it's imported, but many of the products don't have Chinese labels, so I don't know where they're sourced from.
From now on, I will never buy second-hand goods again as long as Amazon has them.
Here's a suggestion: sometimes the order confirmation doesn't show up on the Amazon app. I hope you can improve the app a bit; it's getting better and better!
Excellent has been getting worse every year, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
Garbage Excellent does not take into account customer needs and has a special delivery time of 19:00-22:00 for placing orders.
Because there is an elderly person in the family who is unable to get out of bed after surgery, the delivery can only be made in the evening.
The result was that they came straight to the door at 12 noon, without even calling first.
If the delivery time is up to your discretion, why bother to make up a time for customers to choose from?
If your logistics can't guarantee service, then you might as well not be an e-commerce company!
A senior with three wounds on his body had to get out of bed to open the door for the delivery person, and then had to find some spare change to pay the delivery fee!
The order has a contact phone number!
No one even called to explain!
The so-called complaint customer service at Excellent Net is a bunch of outsiders pretending to help you and fobbing off your complaint with a so-called response.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I had put up with similar problems with delivery times before, but this time I couldn't take it anymore - it was too much!
The new book I bought was delivered with the front and back covers reversed. This is obviously a quality issue. So, I just sent the book to the customer with my eyes closed?
No one will contact you if you leave a negative comment.
Excellent has been getting worse every year, and there is no quality of service to speak of!
I will not spend another penny on Excellence.
The picture quality is just not acceptable
As a title for a "collection of ancient maps," the book is really hard to accept in terms of the selection of images, layout, and printing, and some images are even pixelated to the point of being unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small illustration, it should not be a disgrace to the voluminous ancient Chinese literature left by our ancestors in the catalogue!
(And many images can be obtained from relevant industry resources in clear original format.) What is the difference between using such images to compile books and not using images at all?
I regret this kind of academic spirit.
No comment on the text, as the Fang family have different opinions.
Overall 2 stars.
When I was in grade 10, I picked up this book just out of boredom, thinking that I wouldn't get addicted to it since I wasn't really interested in web novels in the past.
Then... I fell into a hole.
Judging from the plot, the entire book is quite light and enjoyable. When Ye Zui was still in the online game, even the intrigues between guilds were not very heavy, because they were often made light by the blood of Ye Shen Dog.
As for the part about the competition, it conveys a bittersweet sense of the changes of the times (perhaps because I am a sentimental person).
Reading the entire book took up a lot of my study time in Grade 11, but I just couldn't put it down.
The full-time depiction of characters and emotional lines is amazing, and some characters only appear occasionally but still leave a deep impression on people. Characters such as Ye Xiu, Huang Shuangtian, and Su Mocha, who are described in detail, have a large number of fans, while characters such as Jiang Bo, Chu Yu, and others who are not in the center of the story are also very popular. In a light novel about e-sports, it is hard to find a character that is extremely disliked, which is the success of full-time in character depiction.
In terms of the romance line, the full-time players don't have the problem of the thousand-and-one beauties in the harem that are either beautiful or rotten, as is often the case in web novels. Everyone in the novel has a common interest in the game Honor, and most of them want a fair and honest victory.
The subterfuge is small, but there is no grand conspiracy, and everyone seems so simple and adorable.
This may also be why there aren't any particularly unlikable characters in Full Time.
The full-time IP is a big part of that.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online literature, Full-Time Job is a good book.
He really does provide some hot-bloodedness and a little bit of inspiration.
I became a full-time animator in April this year.
I have wanted to buy this set of books for a long time, but I never had enough money to buy them all at once, so I never got around to it. Then, when I decided to buy them, I found that the TB version was full of counterfeit products. Recently, a new version has been released, and I really like the cover, but I still plan to buy the old version first. So, I bought the set on Amazon.
Next, let me briefly explain the situation with the goods.
● The fourth book is not shrink-wrapped, but the book is new.
The seventeenth book was plastic-wrapped but was opened, and the feel of the book was strange and not as hard as the others.
It is the same as the 23rd and 17th books, but is harder than the 17th book, but very old.
● The publishers of a few books seem to be different, for example, the 23rd and 17th seem to be the same publisher, but different from the others.
Overall, I am satisfied. It is a large box with 24 books, which is very satisfying.
The little lion was sad.
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as Lost City of Z, but there's a lot of text!
I read it three times before finally reading the book to the little ones, about a little lion who knows how to shoot a gun and loves to eat juice and candy.
When I saw the scene where the lion ate the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern city people find it hard to accept such an arrangement where animals eat humans.
In the end, this little lion, who had succeeded in human society, lost himself. He was no longer entirely a lion, nor entirely a human.
Finally, only the back of the little lion is visible, and it is not clear where he has gone.
The image of the little lion may remain in the memory of the grown-up child for many years, and be recalled by chance one day, perhaps touching or inspiring her.
A very affordable collection of works
1. I didn't know about TASCHEN before, but I recently bought a lot of their books because they are so powerful, both in terms of their subject matter and production quality.
This work has been released in three versions, the largest of which is almost 50 cm long and 34 cm wide, just like the complete collection of Michelangelo's works; the medium-sized version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this version is the smallest, and comes with a book box containing two volumes.
I personally think it is acceptable. Firstly, the price is cheap, and the more than 700 pages are divided into two volumes, which makes it easier to read; secondly, it is different from the complete works of Michelangelo, where the paintings are the main focus. In this edition of the complete works of Da Vinci, the black and white manuscripts take up the majority of the pages, and for readers with limited budgets and who are not art majors, this edition is the best in terms of value for money for appreciating the paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanations for the painting section are great, with analysis of composition, drafts, and historical context (such as the Last Supper), but I'm not sure if the print or book size is the problem, but some of the shadows in the parts of the counties are too deep, making it difficult to see the details, which is a bit of a shame.
Compared to Michelangelo's manuscripts, the content of Da Vinci's manuscripts is much more extensive.
The former is already a genius, and the latter's range of interests and achievements are too vast to be described as the work of a genius.
If you only looked at the paintings and could only appreciate half of Da Vinci, you would be completely speechless after seeing the manuscripts.
Garbage, whoever buys it will regret it!
I never give a bad review, this is truly garbage, I wasted my money on this, give me a reason!
1. Don't walk away, suddenly it becomes January 1st, and time resets.
2. The poor quality straps are not made of silicone, and the straps caused an allergic reaction and swelling on my wrist.
3. I often can't connect to my phone.
The battery life is only five days.
5. Sleep detection is not displayed, and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
Other.
Logistics is too slow
The item was supposed to be delivered on October 16th, but I only received it on October 21st. I give it a bad review!
The delivery is too bad. I didn't expect the delivery to be this slow, especially since I already buy things on Amazon slowly!
Overall satisfied
At first, I was worried about the packaging of the camera, but this time it was fine. There was an inflatable bag inside, and the camera was consistent in all three aspects. I was also able to register it on the official website. The shutter speed was 0, and the rest would have to wait to be tested.
The shipping speed is also pretty fast. Here, I want to complain about the delivery guy who put expensive items in the lobby and left quickly. I couldn't inspect the package in front of him, which is really ridiculous.
The seller thought of the customer before shipping the goods:)
The merchant was very responsible and called to ask about the size of the camera screen, really thinking about the customer.
Shipping speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also quite suitable and useful to use.
Battery not fully charged
The machine is indeed good, I was wondering how come it can't be fully charged the first time I charged it? The charging indicator light has been red the whole time.
Currently, there is no official feedback channel for Amazon, so feedback can only be given in product reviews.
On March 29, the book was purchased for 31 yuan through pre-order, and it was shown that it would be pushed to the device on March 31. At this time, the book could not be previewed on the Amazon website (because it had not been published yet);
The book pushed to the device on March 31 was blank, with only a message saying "please wait," while the electronic version of the book was discounted to RMB 18 on Amazon;
I have been trying repeatedly for the past two days to delete the blank book downloaded from the device and then synchronize it again, but I am still unable to access the electronic version of "The Nature of Business" with the actual content. However, I can see that the book is available for preview on the Amazon website.
I have a few thoughts at the moment.
The issue of price is not the most important one. The key is how to replace the blank books on your Kindle with books that have actual content, rather than always being told to "stay tuned" when downloading.
2. You won't be able to buy the pre-ordered book anymore, because if you skip the line, it will be a complicated process to download a book with empty content;
3. I hope Amazon provides a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When there are doubts about the download or use of an e-book, there should be a place to provide feedback (such as a work order or online customer service, which can be used as a reference for how Microsoft's official store does it).
Not really recommended reading
I read this a long time ago, and I just happened to see it again and decided to write a few thoughts about it.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of fragments of life about love.
The tone of the book is extremely plain, like plain water, and the choice of words and phrases is the epitome of simplicity. The plot is also quiet and plain, like a street in the afternoon of a summer day.
Each short story is a snapshot of a small part of an ordinary life, with no beginning and no end.
They were finally collected and published under the title "When We Talk About Love, What Are We Talking About?"
I think this collection of short stories, and its title, is a kind of performance art. The author wants to express that love is not just the ups and downs of life on stage, but also the cliché of urban legends; it is not just a love that is as sticky as glue, but also a love that is not supposed to be represented by the above; love is also the mundane life of everyday routine, the dullness of life, and the lack of direction in life, as well as the escape from reality and the uncertainty of the future.
Reading this book may bring to mind the quarrelling couples around you, the dull marriages of people you know, and the unsatisfactory relationships.
This is precisely why I do not recommend reading it. From the aesthetic point of view, the writing and plot of the book are both tasteless, unless your life is full of turmoil or sweetness like living in a candy castle. Otherwise, you will feel that it is neither strange nor boring to read it.
In terms of depth of thought, the everyday scenarios did not strike a chord or expand one's mind or vision (unlike Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera), and the brief segments did not explore any issues, such as what kind of mistakes led to the failure of love?
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book, whether you read it or not doesn't really matter.
The author's ideas are expressed more through techniques and forms than through the story plot, which is also the reason for the poor reading experience of this book.
It is suitable for casual reading and cannot be read in detail.
The book is well-structured, but the content is not very substantial.
It explained what and why many sales theories are, but was weak in terms of how to do it, only pointing out the direction but not providing specific practices.
Additionally, the book feels like it was put together haphazardly.
The examples include both domestic and foreign figures; both well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople and people who are not well-known.
I don't know if it's a story compiled for the sake of example, and if some cases experienced by the authors would be more convincing.
The terms "customer" and "client" are used interchangeably.
The title still refers to the customer, but in the main text it becomes the client.
The e-book also had typos, missing punctuation, and incorrect numbering.
In short, this book is a good choice for beginners who want to learn the theory, but it is not very suitable for people who are already working in sales and want to improve their sales skills.
A quick introduction to the guidebook on Internet finance
This book is very shallow, and can be said to be just an introduction. It can help you quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but if you want to understand it in depth, you still need to dig deeper on your own.
It was written earlier, and the later Alipay-WeChat subsidy war to cultivate user habits is not mentioned. Today, the share of third-party payments is probably not as small as the proportion mentioned in the book.
Now many people go out to eat with their mobile phones, and merchants have abandoned UnionPay because of the high bank transaction volume.
However, I am very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It is clear that the author has at least several years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development in both China and abroad, which is why the content is so easy to understand.
It's easy to write something that sounds grand and lofty, but the real challenge is to write something that is easy to understand.
I appreciate you, and I want you to know it!
The first factor that determines a person's level of job satisfaction is not the level of their salary, but whether they feel that their work is valued and appreciated.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs theory, after the basic survival needs of human beings are met, the most urgent need is the psychological need for understanding, recognition, and appreciation.
Indeed, for the Chinese people, most of them "love you in their hearts but find it hard to express it", even if they harbor love, gratitude, and admiration, they will keep it to themselves and not say it out loud.
The author discusses five languages of appreciation in the book: words of affirmation, acts of service, quality time, tangible gestures, and physical touch.
I think what's important is not what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use them spontaneously and from the heart to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, whether they are family members, friends, or colleagues.
In fact, the closer the relationship, the more we need to appreciate and be grateful, so that our lives can become even more beautiful.
Learning to appreciate people can help companies retain talent to a certain extent and reduce the rate of resignations.
Thank you to the translator for bringing us the wonderful thoughts and worlds of foreign countries.
Due to differences in cultural backgrounds between East and West, there may be some differences in the language, and if given the opportunity, readers may gain more by reading the original version.
Thank you again to the authors, translators, and editors for their hard work!
Suspected counterfeit product, please have Amazon review it strictly
The quality is terrible, the packaging is flimsy, it has no weight, and it's even worse than the products sold at street stalls; it has no weight and no barcode, and the packaging of ten bags is flimsy and falling apart, which is not a characteristic of a qualified product; this is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, and I have applied for a refund; it is definitely a quality problem; I suggest that the seller wake up and refuse to sell poor quality products; additionally, I bought a pack of heart-shaped stamps, which cost 23 yuan at the supermarket, and I took some pictures to compare, further confirming the poor quality of this product; in order to provide consumers with a clearer reference and avoid economic losses and further dissatisfaction, I am sharing these pictures here!
Once again, we hope that Amazon will be meticulous and strict with the source of its products.
The hastily produced product falls short of expectations
Advantages:
1. Big brands, cheaper prices.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are both guaranteed by PANASONIC, and they are OK to use, but they fall short of my expectations.
Disadvantages:
1. The charger has no indicator light, which is the most basic thing. You've saved on the power indicator. I guess customers who buy a product for 300 yuan are a waste of time for Panasonic, and they have no respect for them.
2. Strong odor. Even when charging for just 10 minutes, a strong odor of burning plastic can be detected.
The office was trialed for one day, and the whole room smelled of plastic.
Compared to the Philips PHILIPS I used before, which is priced the same, although it has more blades, the SONY product is really not up to par in terms of quality.
Small packaging
When I received the parcel, I saw that it was the e-commerce version. I knew I had been cheated again. It was smaller than the one I bought at the supermarket. It should be size M. The packaging was different from the one in the product description. It was the new version, I guess.
Three stars are for blaming yourself for not having seen the specifications of the product clearly. I have no problem with you selling me a M-size e-commerce version, but what do the "incorrect version" mean?
E-commerce is too complicated, so I still go to the supermarket to buy things when I have the time.
It's just purple sauce.
I don't like the taste.
The kid doesn't like the taste of toothpaste, and every time it says it's spicy. Maybe there's a more appropriate word to describe it, but for now, that's the only word in the kid's vocabulary.
I bought it when I was organizing the event, so I feel bad giving it a bad review. It's a four-star product, but I won't be buying it again.
It's genuine, and the packaging is good.
The packaging is complete, and an inflatable bag is included. There are no online reviews, and the product looks like a single item.
The plastic film on the outside of the bottle was just like the one described in the picture, and the delivery was very fast, arriving the next day.
It is genuine, but it is out of stock and I don't know when it will be back in stock.
A terrible shopping experience
I placed an order on Black Friday, but it took a long time to receive the package after I placed the order. When I checked, I found out that the package had been signed for a long time ago. None of my colleagues had signed for it. I immediately contacted the courier company, but they said that I could only initiate a query after the sender had done so. I contacted Amazon customer service, and I had to wait for more than ten days. Finally, I found out that the package had been delivered to the wrong person. After several rounds of exchanges, I finally received the package, but the outer package had been opened, and the product was still intact, but I don't know if it had been used before or not. Anyway, it was a pretty bad experience.
Wrong caption
I thought I would receive earphones like the ones in picture 1, but I received ones like the ones in picture 2. It's okay that the pictures don't match, but what does it mean that the left and right earphones have different volume levels?
Although the names are the same, we still hope that everyone can pay attention and please the responsible person at Amazon replace the correct image in a timely manner. Thank you very much.
The operating system is generally fine
It took a while, but overall the picture quality is still good, and there is no noticeable difference. However, this system is a bit of a headache. The boot time is noticeably slow, and it is not possible to make many adjustments. The software that comes with it is not worth commenting on, and the response speed is just average, which is not even on the same level as my colleague's.
I read that the design is very human-friendly, but I couldn't find where it is human-friendly. The location of the remote control's commonly used up, down, left, and right buttons and the return button is really not to be praised.
So, you can use it as a TV, and add a TV box, for example.
The price cut is too severe.
The price drop is too drastic, from over 100 to just 99 now!
I had a lot of unrated orders on Amazon, so I used a copied comment as the rating content.
If I were to rate this product using this phrase, it would score at least 85 points.
I would never be lazy enough to copy and paste a bad review, as this would be a reference for other consumers when they make a purchase, and the seller would improve the quality of their products as a result.
Cheap and good wires, that's enough if they don't overheat!
This is such a cheap cable, but it should meet the HDMI certification standards. I compared it with the crap products from Akihabara in China (the prices are twice as much), and the cable is sturdy and soft, and the 7-meter transmission has no noise. From now on, I will trust Baisi for low-priced cables!
The products are fine, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites
After placing the order, I realized I made a mistake, but I couldn't cancel the order. The webpage for contacting online customer service always shows an error link, and I can't get through to them.
After the delivery person called me, I said I didn't want it anymore, and I tried to cancel the order, but it didn't work. The delivery person took it back, and said I had to sign for it first, and then I could apply for a refund.
When I applied for a return, I was informed that food items cannot be returned once they have been signed for. I couldn't call Amazon customer service, and they said the same thing: food items cannot be returned once they have been signed for.
I have bought items that cannot be returned due to policy at both JD and Sunning, including milk and diapers, and I have contacted customer service to have them returned, and the diapers from JD were returned when I contacted customer service even though they smelled bad when I opened them, but that's not the case with Amazon.
The rules are dead, people are alive. How should I contact your customer service to ask about this?
Tell me whether I should pick it up myself or have the delivery person buy it for me. It's not easy for the delivery person to do this in the first place, so why should I make them spend money to buy something that I didn't order?
Okay, I won't back out either. I'll take it myself, but I have to give your service a 1 rating.
I advise you not to waste your money.
First, I was full of anticipation when I bought it, thinking that the Dali brand should not be bad at all, and after receiving it, I thought the packaging was still good, the size was not bad, but there was basically one box that was soft, and it was not visible from the outside, but you had to feel it; when I put it in my mouth, there was no taste at all, it was tasteless and bland, and when I bit into it, the flesh was yellowish and it was bad, indicating that it was spoiled; it was sold as good and bad, and only about one-third of it was edible; I advise you not to buy it, and it is not cheap either; the quality is too bad!
After this experience, I will never buy fruit from an e-commerce platform again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting mark on the product?
The corner of the bottle is deeply indented, which must have been caused by a strong impact. Judging from the outer packaging, the degree of damage is heart-wrenching. After all, the packaging for food items is too simple. Moreover, it is from International Purchase, and there is no obvious anti-counterfeiting mark. It is very easy to open the bottle. The most striking thing is that the layer of honey inside the bottle directly comes out from the opening. There is almost no adhesion, is this the case with foreign products?
As someone born in China, I am a bit confused.
It must be the real thing, right?
There was also a message saying that it would arrive on the 21st, but I received it on the 14th. This is my first time shopping overseas here, and I just wanted to write down my doubts. Maybe this is all normal?
Delivery service needs improvement
I bought a total of 5 vouchers, and when I made my first reservation to pick them up, I was only able to pick up 3 of them. After much communication, it was confirmed that 2 of them were lost and that they would be resent; the second time I made a reservation, I was lucky enough to catch a day off, and neither the website nor WeChat informed me that I needed to make a reservation on a weekday, causing unnecessary panic. I suggest that this issue be improved in the future.
Great shopping
The food is good!
I still trust Amazon's self-produced products more, and now it's very convenient to shop overseas. The delivery time from abroad is only a few days longer than that of domestic delivery, and I have to say that Amazon's ability to clear customs for overseas purchases is very strong. It's much faster than going through transit, so now I buy many things from overseas.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be better. Many things are made in China, but it's cheaper to buy them abroad and bring them back than to buy them domestically. I hope this can be improved.
Garbage
Looking at this package, I ask you: do you think it looks like garbage on the side of the road?
A plastic packaging that is easily broken, shipped from so-called Germany in a plastic bag - is this responsible packaging?
I think that packaging like this is a waste of money. The product is packaged in a very simple way, with no measures to prevent damage. It comes in a simple plastic bag. When I received it, the package was completely deformed, and the items inside were damaged as well.
If I had just encountered one like this, I would have bought a few of them, but I contacted Amazon customer service, and they said I could return them, but I would have to pay the shipping fee upfront, and then the shipping fee would be returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I asked if I could pay the shipping fee with cash and receive a gift card in return, which would be straightforward if I just bought your gift card myself. I also had to ship the product to a warehouse in Germany myself, which is like buying a product and being punished for it!
I kept telling the customer service that it was their responsibility for the problem, but they didn't even say it was their responsibility, let alone take responsibility. What kind of after-sales service is this? One word: screwed! But I guess Amazon won't give me the chance to publish this review, and will just delete it directly!
Quality is good, 5 stars, but the logistics is bad
1. The quality is good, it's a bargain, the price is reasonable, and it's worth the money.
2. It is solid, has sufficient material, the welding points are firm, the surface treatment is good, and the color is beautiful.
3. Logistics is a hard problem. The order placed on the 3rd arrived on the 11th.
If Amazon had not marked the estimated delivery date as February 7, I might have been satisfied.
5. However, if the expected delivery time is marked, it is equivalent to a promise to the user. When the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user will be very upset.
6. If you are not sure you can keep your promise, don't make it.
7. In fact, I really care about the commitments made by merchants.
8. That's why I got a low score.
The gold wire will turn black.
The effect is there, but whether it is noticeable or not depends on the individual, or the psychological effect.
One thing that's not so good is the gold wire. Originally, the design looked good, but in reality, the gold wire will lose its color and when you put it on the car, if you touch it a few times with your hands or the car, you will see some gold dust.
I hope the product can be improved.
This square one doesn't have any decorative effect, so there's no need to put gold wire on it; it's a hassle to drop it on the car and make it dirty.
The items are in good condition, the speed is good, and they come in two packages with different packaging.
The delivery speed is quite fast, taking only 8 days, but the two packages were sent in two separate packages, and the packaging was different. Obviously, one package was better protected against shocks, with thick cardboard and a layer of plastic, and the outer packaging was easy to open, resembling a domestic delivery box. A few airbags were included, but it felt like a bit of a half-hearted effort.
Yarran mattresses are really good.
The 34 cm thick mattress is not typical, and you don't need to sleep directly on the mattress.
The quality is good, both the front and back are soft, and sleeping on it is very comfortable, I fell asleep very quickly.
After the mattress was delivered, it had some stains due to violent transportation by the courier. Yarran customer service was responsible and efficient in resolving the issue.
Not self-produced goods, Amazon is shameless
The page clearly indicates self-sale, but in fact, it is delivered by the supplier and after-sales service is provided by the supplier. If there is a problem, customers should contact the supplier themselves.
If you want to cancel the order, I'm sorry, but the order information has been transmitted to the supplier and cannot be canceled; if you want to return or exchange the product, you have successfully applied for a return or exchange on Amazon, but I'm sorry, no one can help you, and you need to contact the supplier yourself to return the product.
This nima is self-produced.
The product is not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon will not take responsibility for after-sales service. The customer service even said, "I will contact the supplier for you," and claimed that it was self-owned, which is too shameless. It is a blatant insult to the consumer, and a blatant fraud!
The experience of being sad
The filter cartridges I bought from other online stores worked well, and even after 28 days, I didn't have any limescale for a few more days.
I always buy good quality products on Amazon, so I thought I would try buying them here. This was the first time I bought a filter on Amazon, and I was not satisfied with the quality. Not only did it start to develop limescale early on, but the filter also had small black carbon powder floating in it as early as day 28. I was not sure whether to continue using it or just throw it away. It was very frustrating.
Not as good as you might imagine.
Compared to the plugboards I have used before, the external workmanship is average, and I hope that the internal workmanship is good until I open it up. As for the convenience of use, whether each independent unit is powered or not is lacking in display, but I hope that it is as described by the store.
The packaging was damaged, so I waited for a while to test the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is severely damaged, but the packaging box inside seems to be new. However, the manual does not seem to be new, and the renovation was done in September. The products are being stored, and I hope they will not be bad by the time they are delivered. Please explain to me why several customers have mentioned that the packaging is damaged, but you are still able to sell them. Thank you!
Overall good, a few minor issues
I bought a water filter pitcher for the first time and read several reviews. I felt that LAICA was a good value for the price, so I chose it. When I received the package and installed the filter cartridge according to the instructions, I tried it out and found that it was generally good, but when pouring water, the original water seemed to mix with the filtered water from the spout (the water tank seal was not very tight).
When using it, be sure to wait until all the water has been filtered out before pouring it out!
Image is incomplete
The picture didn't capture the details of the side, and the side details didn't match the style of the main body, with a big difference; this is one; this bead is made in Thailand, but there is no indication of the place of origin; there is no indication of the material; when I bought it in the UK, each item came with its own box, but here there is only a simple plastic bag, and there is no product mark on the bead, so I don't know how to tell if it is genuine or fake.
Be careful when buying, especially if you are buying something from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service is terrible.
I placed an order two days ago, and today when I received it, I found that the price had dropped by 40 yuan. After spending a lot of time trying to find customer service, the customer service representative said that they couldn't refund the difference and that I could reorder and return the item.
This kind of customer experience and service is really a million times worse than Taobao's.
Not bad, worth trying for a beginner
It's a good buy, and it's not inferior to the top-quality diamond. I've seen it in the mall before, and it's priced at several hundred yuan. This is my first time playing with a diamond, and it's okay.
It's good stuff.
The items are really good. For my girlfriend, I was a bit unhappy when the courier in Canada didn't deliver the package during lunchtime. The courier company simply stored the package in the locker and didn't send me a confirmation message that the package had been picked up. I had to go pick it up twice.
However, the baby is really good.
Worth buying
The little monkey is cute, and the discounts on Amazon are really generous. Zhoushen.com directly ships the products, and I placed an order last night and received it this afternoon, which is really fast.
The postal and delivery personnel are also very responsible.
Bravo!
A customer's confession
When you receive such a substandard product, Amazon customer service tells you not to worry, we will contact you within 54 hours.
2 Then in the middle you contact the customer service representative, who will tell you that this issue will be handled by a specialist, who will inform you of the outcome.
You can never reach this commissioner on your own initiative, you don't know her extension number, and there is no direct dial phone number, so you can't reach her, only she can reach you.
Tragically, after waiting nearly three days, the commissioner contacted me and my phone was off when I received the call from the commissioner.
I waited for two hours for the specialist's call, during which I proactively contacted Amazon customer service and emailed them to ask them to call me back.
It's been nearly three days and I still don't know what Amazon's going to do about the coffee machine I received that is a piece of junk!
There is no problem with the products sold by Amazon in the US. This kind of shopping method is good for overseas purchases, but the service provided by Meiya is far inferior.
For me, I can only continue to wait...
The bottom is uneven.
Because the review said it was good, and everyone was looking forward to this pot, and when I got it, I really liked it, it was lightweight, but when I started using it, I found a problem - the bottom of the pot was not flat, but was raised in the middle and sunken around the edges, and the oil ran to the edges, so I bought a large piece of meat to fry, but the oil spilled out and couldn't cover the central area, so I was disappointed, and I couldn't even use the pot to fry, because of its structure, I guess it's impossible to cook food normally.
I don't know if I was just unlucky, but I just got a pot with a bottom that was not flat. Fortunately, Amazon provides a one-month return policy, so I decided to return it.
I cleaned the pot thoroughly and put it away, having wasted half a day.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve it
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The shape of the cube is designed with a slightly curved top.
It should have been a very fluid line.
Unfortunately, the final result was not achieved.
Because there are two parts at the top, the front is the control panel and the back is the water tank cover.
The curvature of the top cover and the control panel were not consistent, resulting in a height difference of up to 2 mm after assembly.
Although it looks like a very small gap.
But it can be said to have destroyed the entire design.
I feel a bit sorry for the product designer.
It seems that Midea's product managers are not yet capable of creating products of this caliber.
(Of course, I can't expect too much from the after-sales lady, but when I heard her say that all the individual products were like this, and it wasn't just the one I bought that had a problem, her incredulity and reluctance to accept responsibility made me realize that I can't expect too much from beauty products either)
It's a good deal after the discount, but the fake discount from Amazon is heartbreaking.
It is very insulating and can be purchased one week after the baby is born.
You can't feel any heat on the outside of the pot, which means it won't burn you and also effectively prevents the temperature from escaping.
The air conditioning in the room can still maintain a high temperature even after a whole night.
Amazon said that the 320th anniversary event had 320 great deals, but later found out that everyone had them for $249, $289, or $299. I felt cheated for a moment, but after comparing prices at the supermarket, I found that the prices were still lower than those of various generic brands at the same price point. From now on, I can bring them along when I go out.
Vitamix 6300
I had been waiting for a long time, and when I saw that Meituan 6300 was on sale at a discounted price, and that the price was the same as that of Cainiao Global, I quickly made a purchase.
I placed an order on September 2 and it was expected to arrive on September 21. However, it arrived on September 12, which is about 10 days earlier than expected. The speed is really fast!
The packaging is small, and it comes directly from the original Vitamix packaging. Amazon doesn't mind if it gets damaged during shipping across the ocean!
The machine looks pretty new and comes with all the necessary accessories. The only problem is that the cup wobbles a lot when placed on the base, and I'm afraid it might fly out when I turn it on!
I asked a friend who has a 5200, and he said it doesn't feel as loose as mine.
The accompanying recipes are all in English, which is quite tiring to read, and I couldn't find a Chinese version online, which is a pain!
I quickly bought an inverter after receiving the goods, and it should arrive in 3 days. I'll get to work on it then!
It's too small, there's no umbrella cover, and the material is mediocre.
It's not even a large size!
The second Totes is: 1. Without a carrying case 2. The material of the handle is average 3. It says Large, but it is actually a compact umbrella for one person, and two people would probably find it uncomfortable to use.
On the other hand, the one I bought from Meiya can be used by three people without any pressure.
I don't feel very well.
First of all, the box is not very sturdy and deforms when you press on it; secondly, the design on the back does not prevent the ABS scratches on the box from showing when it is laid flat; thirdly, the box is just a piece of cloth wrapped around a hanger, and the hanger is prominent inside the box... and so on, there are many things that are not satisfactory, and finally, the strap is a bit difficult to use.
PS: The wheels do feel pretty good.
It is also possible
Pros: This shoulder bag is quite stylish and looks durable.
The downsides: the QR code on the card can't be scanned (what's up with that?), and the 15.6-inch laptop won't fit in the bag (is it possible to make it a little bit bigger?), and while the shoulder strap can be locked, the seller didn't provide a lock for the buyer, which is not exactly customer-oriented.
Overall, it's okay, not sure if it's real leather
The overall feel is good, but I don't know if it's genuine leather, so I can't really comment on that.
It can hold A4-sized documents, and has held 80-page thick, box-shaped objects that are not too thick or too hard (but cannot be deformed).
The package is soft, and the inner bag is divided in a very human-friendly way, which is quite good.
The bottom I received has a small pit in it, so I don't know if it's because my taste is bad or what.
I was too lazy to go back and forth to exchange the goods, so I put up with it.
Overall, it's worth four stars.
ForRoyal is a global sensation in camera straps and DSLR straps
This strap is designed to be scientific, double-shoulder, practical, and the camera is fixed and protected in front with soft material, unlike other quick-shooters that use screws to fix the bottom of the camera and damage the camera when taking it off.
Garbage after-sales service
I bought a guitar a month and a half ago, and it's missing a part. After I notified Amazon, they gave me a customer service phone number. After multiple communications, the part still hasn't arrived. What kind of efficiency is this?!
It is estimated that after-sales service will be more troublesome if there is a problem, so I suggest that those who value good after-sales service should take a detour; it's too much trouble!
Small flaws, but nice sound
The soundboard has a defect, missing a corner, and feels like a second-rate product. There are no extras, but for this price it's not bad, and the sound is good.
Okay, first menu
It's been used for a long time, and overall it's not bad, except for the fact that the bass doesn't come out.
The workmanship is not as perfect as I imagined.
The first time I bought it, the product had problems, and all the lights were flashing and not working.
I asked for a replacement, but it took three days to arrive in Shanghai and it still hasn't been delivered.
I also called the delivery person, but they didn't answer.
The courier company said they only had that contact information.
Amazon can't find where to complain.
I received a message like this without any request, in which they arbitrarily delayed the delivery of my order due to a delay in delivery, which is not what I asked for.
Then it goes on to talk about transit issues.
In any case, the poor shopping experience made me start to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics and control systems.
I don't think I'll get it today either.
The adhesive is too weak and the label is not waterproof
Although the Bluetooth connection is convenient, the printed content is not waterproof and the surface is not coated; the labels are also of poor adhesive strength and are not suitable for use on cable labels, as they are very easy to fall off; those who buy them to organize their cables should pay attention to this.
The pen is fine, but the packaging is very basic - just a cardboard box with no protection - and the box the pen is in is stuck together with a large piece of transparent tape, leaving tape on the box when it is removed.
Treating a $60 item like this is disappointing and makes for a poor shopping experience.
However, the pen is not a problem.
I hope they improve the packaging in the future!
In terms of quality, if we talk about writing, 925-25 is better.
First, let me praise the excellent service of TNT, air shipments are delivered incredibly fast, and the service is great!
I have been using the 925-25 and it is great. I just received the 925-85 and the quality is excellent. The design is also very beautiful. I gave it four stars because the pen is a bit heavy and is not suitable for fast writing. The pen cap wobbles a bit when adjusting the length of the lead, but in my opinion, the 925-25 is more comfortable to use than the 85.
So I became an Amazon loyalist.
I bought it at a super discounted price, but my child didn't like the pen.
It was already opened, but I tried to apply for a refund, and they even offered to pick it up for free.
That's amazing.
We do not encourage returns, but this is a service that is unique to us in China.
I hope it is not abused.
I bought all the books that came after that and moved my base of operations here.
The headphones have a distortion and noise
These headphones are truly garbage. I don't know if it's my ears that are the problem, or if these headphones really aren't as good as they used to be.
I bought a blue one two years ago on JD.com, and the sound quality is pretty good, with no noise and a good bass. I've been using it for more than two years and it's starting to wear out. I plan to buy another one (UrBeats) because I still think it's pretty good.
I also saw a purple one that looked nice, but when I opened it today, I felt it was not right. It was both loud and quiet at the same time.
At first, I thought it was because of the sound effect of the song, but after listening for half a day, I realized that the problem was serious. Not only was the sound distorted, but the bass sound was not as good as before, and there were some noise as well. Is it just my purple one that has this problem, or is the current manufacturing process of headphones really not good?
A pretty bad review, I'm disappointed.
I definitely need to return it tomorrow during the day.
PS looks good
This AV amplifier is complicated to set up, has a rough exterior, and generates a lot of heat.
I will have to wait a while before I can review the sound!
On August 14, I just got my hands on a German version of the DN1080. It looks poorly made.
1. The front panel and the knobs are all made of plastic.
The back panel audio input jack and the speaker output terminals are of poor quality, and any 1000-2000 yuan CD amplifier unit is much better than this one.
3. The top cover is quite thin, and it has even sunk in on my transformer, so I had to open the box and use my hands to fix it, causing the top cover and front panel to become loose.
4. The center of gravity of the whole machine is tilted towards the transformer end, making it difficult to move.
It feels like a SONY entry-level machine, just like the workmanship, made in Malaysia.
I feel that Sony is much better at outsourcing production to China than Little Horse.
5. The machine gets very hot. When watching a movie on the two-channel set for about two hours, the top cover feels about 40-50°C when touched with your hand. I don't know if the transformer is too big and generates a lot of heat.
Nowadays, most people use switched-mode power supplies, and this stupid transformer probably weighs 4 kg.
Sony should have used a passive heat sink in the machine, but all I see after opening the box is a large aluminum plate heat sink on the fan.
Xiao Gui
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise that integrates R&D design, processing and production, and marketing trade. It mainly produces men's outdoor leisure clothing and is a young enterprise that is booming.
FANDUN JEEP clothing emphasizes the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, introducing international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and building a first-class garment production line in China.
To maintain excellence in production and services, quality and brand, profitability and public welfare.
In terms of information construction, efforts were made to improve the speed and efficiency of the product flow, logistics flow, and information flow of enterprises, thereby strengthening and improving the comprehensive management capabilities of enterprises and raising the overall modern management level of enterprises.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of "honesty, harmony, quality, excellence," and its products are well received by a wide range of customers in the domestic market.
The Van Gogh Gip dresses because it is young, and it is confident!
We sincerely welcome customers from both at home and abroad to come and cooperate with us to create brilliant achievements!
Enterprise spirit: proactive and innovative, service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication, enterprise mission: leading the trend, building the brand.
I haven't opened it yet.
The battery is in use.
I really want to dissect it and see what's inside its belly.
Later, I thought that if I was disappointed after opening it, it would be a waste of money; if I was satisfied, it would be difficult to put it back in the box and I would not enjoy using it.
Well, even if Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed explanation of the battery, most people would feel anxious just looking at it.
I'm fine. I used to work in a cell phone factory, so I'm half a battery engineer, and I can handle it, except for not understanding circuits.
Delighted
I really had no idea what I was buying until I opened the package and felt that it was genuine!
Finally, when I touched the earphone wire, I felt it was very flexible, and the quality was so good that I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and open QQ Music.
I was amazed, the sound quality was 3D surround!
I asked in a physical communication store, and it was around 30 yuan, but it was not a brand name product, but a generic one, so I would say that although the price is 27 yuan, this Pingsheng product is definitely worth owning because of its value for money!
The worst online shopping experience
After placing an order on September 28, the system showed that the order had been shipped, but the package was still not delivered by October 12.
I queried the status of my Amazon order, but the seller didn't provide a tracking number, so I couldn't find out where the order was.
So I emailed the seller to ask if they could provide a tracking number, but I never received a reply after two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service, and they gave me the seller's phone number. I called the seller again, and after a few attempts, the call went through. I was informed that the package was lost, and they could send me a new one right away.
Although I was particularly angry, I didn't say much to the seller because I needed the computer urgently. I just asked them to send it to me right away.
The next day, I called to ask if the shipment had been sent.
The seller said it hasn't shipped yet, and it won't be sent until this afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon and the seller said it would be shipped, but it wouldn't be shipped until after 5 or 6 pm. When I called back at 7 pm, the phone just rang and no one answered.
The next morning I called again to ask if the goods had been dispatched.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it hasn't been sent yet, and told me to order from another store if I was in a hurry, or to wait until the afternoon if I could wait.
There's no way around it; it'll be a long wait to order from someone else.
I can only ask the seller to send the package as soon as possible.
After countless phone follow-ups, I finally received my computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because it was for someone else, so I'll add a review later.
I bought it half a year ago and have only used it a few times. Now it's malfunctioning. Can you fix it?
Because I have a desktop computer, I haven't used it much since I bought it.
I only take it out of my suitcase when I'm on a business trip.
When the power was recently turned on, it would not charge unless the user tapped the charger and cable connection with their left or right hand a few times.
I suspect that the interface is not properly connected. Can it be repaired now?
It is strongly recommended that Amazon stop using EMS!
The product is five stars, the logistics is one star, and the average is three stars.
I don't understand why Amazon would send EMS, which is not trusted by the industry; well, computers are expensive items after all!
The order after purchase showed that it was expected to arrive on the 20th, so my family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send a package from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
The package was finally delivered to Fuzhou on the morning of the 22nd. I was looking forward to receiving it happily, but in the evening, when I didn't receive any phone call or text message, I checked the package delivery status and found that it had been signed for at noon, and that it was signed for by myself!
I was shocked at the moment!
Who am I? Where am I? Is this computer really mine?
I seriously doubt life now!
I finally ran to a pickup point to get my computer back.
The specific reason is simple: the delivery person mixed up the two order numbers, but fortunately the package wasn't lost, so it's all good.
I strongly suggest that Amazon should not use EMS anymore. If Amazon uses EMS for its express delivery in the future, I will definitely not buy from them again.
The goods are not bad.
First of all, I bought it a few days ago and found that it was reduced in price, and I left a bad review. The product is still not bad, and it has a good price-performance ratio. The CPU and graphics card are enough to handle mainstream online games and a considerable number of large single-player games. The heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a little dim (a common problem with IPS screens), the sound quality is not very good, and the hard drive is not very good (I suggest you spend some money to add a solid-state drive). I took the computer to the after-sales service center yesterday to have the hardware checked, and there were no problems. The built-in Windows 8.1 is not very good, and I suggest upgrading to 10. The seller sent the package very quickly, and also replied to my inquiries very quickly. I received the invoice the day after I received the computer. It's good, but it's a pity that there were no gifts.
(By the way, if you want to buy keyboard skins, don't go to a place called E Cool Digital Center on Taobao. The delivery is slow, the quality is poor, and if there is a problem with the product, they won't refund or replace it. The boss even swore at me. I'm exposing this place specifically.)
The food is good, but the bureaucracy of the platform remains
The hard drive is of very good quality and has an excellent price-to-performance ratio. It is cheaper than buying one in Hong Kong, and if you can wait for delivery and can tolerate the wait, I would definitely recommend buying one.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same as it was several years ago when I swore I would never use it again. You can never find out the actual status of your shipment, and you will always receive your package several weeks later. You can never complain, and that's just how bureaucratic it is!
The goods have been received a few days ago, but the logistics information says you will receive the goods in 10 days!
Logistics is not selfish
It came like this, not only was the packaging crushed, but the electrical packaging was open, and I don't know if the contents were tampered with.
FYI
I haven't tried it yet, but I always trust Philips, and I hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
I searched online, and it seems that water damage is a common problem, and it is not covered by the warranty.
I'm sad!
Now I'll wrap it in plastic wrap and continue using it, but for how long?
Bought from someone who has already taken it apart.
It is indeed quite expensive to pay more than 100 yuan in tax for a machine that costs more than 300 yuan. Now, I feel more at ease about spending more than 600 yuan.
When I received it, the seal looked like it had been opened, like it had been taken apart. I took a photo right away, and sure enough, it opened easily when I tore it. The inside of the paperboard was damaged, and I was worried that it was returned by someone else. I tried it out on my husband before the anniversary, but the machine didn't turn on at all. Fortunately, there was no debris in the blade, or I would have had to return it from a long distance!
Whether it is good to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term is still unknown; as the previous review mentioned, the products that are sent out when there is a shortage are not reliable!
Experience level is slightly above average
It's pretty much top-of-the-line electric, with a lot of different brushing modes, but not many people change modes every day.
I used it for half a year without any problems. I brushed it every day, and it was charged once every almost 1.5 weeks.
The brush heads are also cheaper on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use. Except for changing the colors, the other issues that seem to be compatible problems are due to the overseas version?
Those who want to learn the Great Law.
Very good value for money
I have used it 3-4 times already.
1. The packaging is in good condition.
2. It is very easy to use and convenient to clean.
3. You can do your own hair styling, which saves money.
Overall, a very successful purchase.
There is counterfeit goods.
Last time I bought two packs, and it turned out to be two different versions. The words in the lower left corner of the packaging were green, but one of them was not, and the words were white. The cat got sick after eating it.
I am not sure if the products on Amazon are fake or if the employees lost them during shipping.
I will buy again, but if it is a fake, I will hold you responsible.
It's a crossbar!
The picture on Amazon is a hyphen, but they sent me a horizontal bar. Isn't that cheating?
The effect is okay
The most important thing is that Kitty likes to eat.
It really works.
Tight, narrow, and with a lot of pressure on the ankles and the back of the feet.
Not recommended.
1. The UN is Clarks' most comfortable series, but unfortunately this one is too bad.
Addendum: Today I compared the UN series insoles (I kept the insoles when I threw out the shoes) with the old ones, and the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before, but they are still kind of soft.
2. My heels are not very high, and the point where I kick is about 3 inches forward from the highest point of my heels.
I bought three pairs of Clarks overseas, but only one pair fits.
I was so scared that I deleted all the songs in my playlist.
Try rockport again, if it doesn't work, you'll have to go to an Ecco physical store.
Second best is not good enough, and quality control is poor
First of all, it is worth mentioning that Prime International Shopping's Ups service is very good, and I received my order on the 6th, which was placed on the 31st.
The shoes are much nicer in person than in the picture, and the leather feels great.
The shoe size is slightly larger, 25 is 10.5 wide and 7.5 long, and it feels slightly loose when worn, but I usually like to wear slightly loose shoes, and I put in a pair of insoles that fit perfectly.
Secondly, the shoe reviewer really can't praise this shoe enough. One shoe sole had a damaged adhesive, while the other had various scratches and pinholes, and the adhesive strip was misaligned at the connection point between the shoe upper and sole, which was blatantly substandard!
I regret it a little!
You can get a Arthur's for this price by doing an activity, and it's a pretty good deal; of course, you can find even lower prices by looking at the reviews.
Now let's talk about the shoes. The pros: the shoes are light, running in them is comfortable, and they fit well and don't fall apart.
It looks great, but the flaws are also obvious: I usually wear a size 40, but I bought a 40.5 this time, and there is about the width of a thumb at the front of the shoe when I put it on, but that doesn't matter.
These shoes are very "narrow," although there is still some space in front, but they feel tight.
There's one more thing: the shoes are probably not breathable, and I feel like my feet are hot now.
Heel spur
First of all, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are standard size, I wear a size uk7.5 for running shoes, eu41.5 for dress shoes, and uk6.5 for Amazon's Echo, and I have never had a problem with them fitting me. However, based on the reviews, I bought a size uk7 for these shoes, and they are noticeably longer than my usual size. The extra length is probably due to the thick insole, which is putting a lot of pressure on the back of my foot. Additionally, these shoes are very hard, which makes them very uncomfortable to wear.
If your feet are not particularly thin, I would not recommend buying this product.
If you must buy them, you can always change the insoles, but the original insoles look very high-end, so there's no need to feel sorry about it.
A very perfect shopping experience!
I am very satisfied and love Amazon Global Store, which is undoubtedly authentic; the quality is also very good, and the price is reasonable; I feel at ease when I buy from Amazon; the after-sales service is thoughtful, and the customer service staff are all very friendly and patient when handling problems; they have perfectly solved my worries; the delivery service is very convenient and reliable, and the delivery person is very thoughtful and will remind customers to pick up their orders from the delivery box in a timely manner; thank you, Amazon, for providing such a comfortable shopping experience for customers.
In short, we all love shopping on Amazon Global!
Absolutely negative review!
It is truly ridiculous for this agency and Amazon.
In the future, be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon.
Although it's been a long time, I still have to come and complain.
I bought it on sale during the winter for less than 200 yuan, and I haven't used it in my home for several months.
When I wanted to use it in the spring, I found that it couldn't connect to the watch, and the manuals for both devices say that they support each other. Later, I found out that it was probably a problem with the heart rate monitor, because I tried to connect it to another device, but it still didn't work.
I called Amazon and asked them to contact the agent company, which then told me to send the device to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After almost half a month, the items were sent back to me in their original condition, even the shipping box was the one I had used to send them!
No response and acknowledgement, and no test reports!
At least tell me if it's good or bad!
Calling to ask, they said that sending it back this way meant the device was fine, which was good.
But I still can't connect, and the agency responds: It's not their problem.
I'm unlucky to have to deal with you for a measly 200 yuan.
There is a serious mismatch between supply and demand.
It's a case of the wrong product at the wrong time.
The headband material is of good quality.
It's much better than Nike.
It is also very breathable.
Just the hat in front.
Very fine.
Are you trying to be funny?!
It completely blocks out the sun.
Not returning the item is because the headband function is good.
It is worn on the head and does not block the sun.
But it is different from other headband styles.
Save it for later.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks a sense of contract, and the delivery person is great.
I require delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's rules do not allow for deliveries on Saturdays or Sundays.
I was so annoyed that I drove 200 kilometers from the countryside to come and pick it up!
Amazon, how can I love you more?
The delivery person was very proactive and friendly.
Give it a thumbs up!
The goods, I tried them out and they are not bad.
But I have never bought similar products before, so I can't compare prices!
Size and logistics
The workmanship is good, but the delivery is too slow. Previously, all of my shoes were delivered by DHL. This time, Apex was... I've bought a lot of UA in China, and the prices aren't low. I feel like the quality is higher than NIKE and ADIDAS?
They are all the same, so I buy them online.
Size: I am 176cm tall and weigh 68kg. My shoulders are wide enough to fit a 180cm-wide shirt, and I bought an M. The hem is slightly long, but everything else fits perfectly. I see that there are recommendations for S, but I am quite slim. I prefer a looser fit. I think the hoodie would be better if it were a bit more loose.
Just the right size
Chest size: 99; height: 184 cm; weight: 84 kg; before purchasing, the customer consulted the customer service and was told to buy XL, but then decided to buy L after reading the reviews. After receiving the package, the customer found that the size was just right, and almost got cheated.
The prices of Double 11 are much higher than those of Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The problem with cheap goods is troublesome!
The package arrived on the 25th, 18 days after it was sent, which is the speed of snails from Guangzhou to Beijing!
I bought this item because it was cheap, and the description said it had scratches, but when I received the package, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!
The child didn't want to return the item, thinking it wasn't a big deal, but the accessory is a small part, and the child's grandfather couldn't find it in any of the hardware stores nearby!
Finally, Grandpa put it on!
It looks like we can't buy Z products at a good price anymore!
The toy is of poor quality.
Most of the screw holes were not aligned, and it was difficult to screw on the screws, indicating poor workmanship. It was unclear how long it would last, as it was a promise made to a child, so it could not be returned.
Other reviews say it was easy to install, so is it just my one that has a problem?
Very average.
Is it just bad luck for me?
The packaging is outdated; the workmanship is poor; there is only one type of music, and it is only 8 seconds long and then repeats; the action is just nodding your head and walking forward, with no variation.
Not worth the price.
If you need it urgently, you can't return it.
The toy is of good quality, but I have a few complaints about the packaging.
I received a package delivered by EMS yesterday, which was purchased from Amazon. It was finally delivered by the courier of Tmall. How many twists and turns did it go through? Is the relationship between Amazon and Tmall still good?
As for the packaging, it was wrapped in several layers of cling film, with no plastic packaging foam inside. When I opened it, all the parts were in an empty box. Fortunately, the toy was of good quality and none of the parts were broken, but it was smaller than I had imagined. This was because it was not battery-operated, and it often derailed when pushed by hand because the track gaps on both sides were too large, which made the design unreasonable.
Good quality, fun
It's a lot of fun, the components are very precise and well-made, the quality is almost the same as Lego, and the price is very reasonable for events.
The process of assembling it was quite fun, and my 5-year-old son came to play with me, and it was great.
He laughed so much that he will probably continue to buy toys of this brand in the future.
The phone is new and the shopping from overseas was good
I watched it for Christmas, and it was 150 yuan more expensive than I had previously bought it for, but it is taking a bit longer to ship now.
The machines are pretty good, they are all new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then if you connect the spirit balls, you will receive a dream.
It's fun to play, and it's more portable than a PS4.
I've already bought Zelda, so I'll try it again after I've played it.
Producing bad products, selling bad products, and as a result providing bad service. I bought six watches for my children, and one of the digital displays was not completely accurate. The time on all six watches was not consistent, differing by a dozen or so hours at most.
I contacted the manufacturer and asked if there was a verification time for the watches when they were put into storage. They replied that there was. If there was, then why was there such a big difference in time? It was obvious that the watches were not accurate, and were simply counterfeit products. It's not that I'm being rude, but it's clear that there are quality issues (incomplete digital display). They even sell them as if they were genuine.
I contacted the seller, who gave me a long list of reasons, and also complained that I shouldn't have bought their product in the first place, that the product was of poor quality, the seller was unreliable, and the after-sales service was terrible. Who would dare to buy anything on Amazon again?
In short, I recommend not to buy anything from this seller, even if you do, it will be junk.
Amazon shipping problems
After receiving the goods, an inspection revealed:
1. The box is severely damaged.
2. The table instructions have severe wrinkles.
3. The clock does not have a battery and cannot be charged, and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only ship to the US at your own expense, and you will be reimbursed for the shipping fee.
5. The reason for a score of 2 is that the customer service is still good.
It's just barely acceptable.
The time is not very accurate, about a second fast per day, and it has been almost two and a half months since I started using it.
I used to have a Seatlelte watch and it didn't lose a few seconds in a year or two.
The perpetual calendar function is quite good, but the stopwatch function is a bit useless and you accidentally enter the stopwatch mode from time to time.
Solar-powered watch
Advantages: solar charging, no need to worry about replacing batteries, world time, multiple alarm sounds and reminders at the hour.
The downside: mirrors are easy to scratch and get dusty.
Value for money: domestic prices are generally between 220 and 300 yuan, and overseas purchases cost more than 180 yuan (delivery takes about a week).
Very satisfied with the watch
It must be authentic, as I checked it at the specialty store. The appearance of the watch is beautiful, and it is well-made and of good quality. It is also an imported mechanical movement, so it is quite substantial. It is not something that so-called mechanical watches priced at three or four hundred yuan can match. This is a genuine product.
The watch is very accurate in terms of timing, with errors well within acceptable limits. The watch comes with a certificate of authenticity for the jewelry, and the 12 on the dial is indeed a real diamond. It's perfect for me to wear, and it's also a great gift to give.
The Benelli shotgun is indeed a good one.
The worst shopping experience ever
On the evening of September 23, my wife dropped her phone, so I immediately ordered an 8P from Amazon Malaysia. The product was in stock, but it was not self-sold and there was no markup (I was secretly happy), and because it was not self-sold, the delivery was slower. The system showed that the product was expected to arrive no later than September 27.
My wife, who couldn't stand it without a phone, called me at around 6:30 in the morning the next day to think of a solution. Later, when I checked JD.com, I found that there were 256G models in stock that could be delivered the same day. So I immediately ordered another one.
The new one was bought, and I immediately thought about canceling the Amazon order.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it was impossible to pick up the package in the morning, so at around 7:00 a.m. I called customer service to cancel the order, and the customer service representative replied that the order had been canceled and that I should wait for a text message confirmation.
Okay, I'll just wait patiently, and when I checked my phone at noon, the order was still in the "not shipped" status, so I immediately contacted customer service to request that they cancel the order as soon as possible, and the customer service representative replied that the operation was already complete.
I checked my phone at 3 pm and saw that the order was still there. I had no choice but to contact customer service again to clearly inform them that I had called three times, and asked them to cancel the order and inform the seller that they must not ship the item!
The customer service representative contacted the seller immediately upon my request, and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system and that I would have to wait until the seller was familiar with the system before the order could be canceled.
But rest assured that I have clearly informed the seller, who will definitely not ship the item.
I was speechless when I checked the order on Monday and saw that it had already been shipped.
Unable to contact the seller directly, I had to call customer service again.
The handling afterwards was simply ridiculous; basically, I would say something, and the customer service representative would then do something in response.
The order is still in the rejected state, and we are preparing to send it again!
Won't Amazon proactively follow up?
The seller's company didn't care anyway since they had already received the money.
In the future, I will definitely not prepay for large items, this is too much trouble.
It looks beautiful.
I had my eye on this camera for a long time, but I didn't buy it because of some other reasons besides the price. This time, I bought it because it was included in the free shipping offer, and the price was still reasonable.
After I bought it, there were no problems with the rest of the software, but I couldn't connect to it when I tried to connect the software. My router is a TP router, and after searching online, I found that many people had this problem. I spent more than two hours changing the settings on the router, and finally, I was able to connect to the Internet using 360WIFI as a medium. During this time, I called the Mi customer service, but they didn't have any solutions to this problem. They directly told me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another thing worth noting is that I saw a user comment online saying that the camera supports memory cards with a minimum capacity of 8G, and smaller capacity cards cannot be recognized, so please be aware of this.
It's not bad to use, and the image is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor, and the machine has a certain degree of heat, and if it's on all the time, the heat level is a bit hard to accept.
In summary, this product has many shortcomings, so please be careful when you buy it.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought this for my first love, we were together for almost 3 years, and he left me last year. It's still hard to accept.
I gave it 3 stars because I bought this for my first love in life, but I don't know how much I'll use it anymore, maybe I'll just throw it away!
We had been together for almost three years, and she left me last year. Whenever I think of her now, I feel so sad that I want to leave this world. The first woman in my life, who cast a shadow and caused me pain for the rest of my life, has not left me yet.
When I bought this phone, I thought about two things that I felt at the time, that we could bear hardships together, but now it's something I regret. Maybe life is like this. There are some people you never want to meet in your life, and there are some things you never want to know. But what can you do?
How many times have I seen a Samsung phone and thought of her? The pain that comes with it is overwhelming. I have never been willing to spend more than 2,000 yuan on a phone, but when I bought one for her, I didn't hesitate. No matter how much I love someone, if she changes her mind, all the promises and vows will be meaningless.
High-quality products among domestic brands
Huawei is a premium product among domestic products.
The low-key CEO and the company rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business trend of relying on advertising to increase brand awareness!
Enterprises without strength are absolutely not able to do this, and they also dare not do this!
It is precisely because of this that I chose Huawei.
I've had it for over half a year now and it's been working great, it's very good.
The reason I didn't give it a perfect score is because once, when using its offline navigation, it experienced a positioning issue, and I was unable to find the cause. Other times, it worked fine.
Moreover, its online input is great for finding destinations, and after searching, it automatically designs a route. When you leave Wi-Fi and go offline, its automatic offline navigation function is very useful. You don't need to use your data plan, as it directly communicates with satellites to locate and navigate you. This is great!
Sony is great.
Sony's low-end phone still has a great design, and it's cheap, with a large screen and excellent battery life, making it perfect for the elderly.
Although a long time has passed, the machine still works perfectly.
However, since my Z2 was released, this phone has also fulfilled its mission.
