Diego Cocca is the new national coach of Mexico
In the summer of 2026, Mexico will host the World Cup together with the USA and Canada, featuring for the first time 48 teams. Cocca is taking over from Gerardo Martino, whose contract was not renewed after the early exit of the Mexican team from the World Cup in Qatar. The 50-year-old was not considered a favourite for the position until a few days ago. He only took over as coach of the Mexican club Tigres in November. His surprising appointment as national coach caused unrest within the club.
Geesthacht: New bedside signs are intended to encourage replanting.
Franko Stein (FD Umwelt, left) and Friedhelm Ringe (Nabu) place the plant markers in the flower beds of the pedestrian zone.
The "Geesthacht blüht auf" (Geesthacht is blooming) campaign also includes information about what is currently in bloom in the area - currently in white and pink.
Geesthacht. "Geesthacht is blooming" is the name of an action by the Nabu in cooperation with the town administration. Since 2015, thousands of flower bulbs and plants have been planted with the help of many volunteers from clubs, schools, daycare centers, companies, and institutions. The goal: large-scale flower islands should arise throughout the Geesthacht area, where insects can find food at all times. "With favorable weather conditions, bees are already flying out in January to search for food," says Friedhelm Ringe from the Geesthachter Nabu. He has beehives on his property.
So that this project does not remain just an action by nature conservationists and the city's environmental department, but rather spreads to private gardens as well, explanatory signs are being placed next to the plants. There are currently around 50 signs. Passersby should be able to use these signs to find out what is currently in bloom. The hope is that amateur gardeners will intentionally plant these species in their own gardens.
The first week of January saw the start of the season for the wild hazel dormice
More recent additions to the flower beds in the pedestrian zone are shrubs such as the winter sweet and the snowball tree. They have been in the soil of the planters on Bergedorer Straße for a year now, and are just starting to show their delicate white and pink flowers, even though they are still without leaves. They have recently been marked with additional signs. “The winter sweet is a very bushy shrub that can grow up to two meters high and three meters wide,” it says there, among other details about the appropriate location.
Friedhelm Ringe emphasizes, however, that it is not only the bedding plants that are now showing flowers. In the first week of January, the wild hazel had already started to bloom. It blooms particularly profusely on Richtweg, on the slope, in Gutenbergstraße, Wilhelm-Holert-Straße, Fahrendofer Weg, and in many other places.
Ernestine is 102 years old: "Hiking keeps me young"
Munich – Dance god Fred Astaire would surely be proud of them if he were to look down from heaven on Munich’s Ostbahnhof station!
This is because every Monday at 3 pm, three ladies meet at the "Mandolin Motion Show Academy" for some lively step dancing - together they are an incredible 277 years old, sorry, young!
The oldest of them is Ernestine Stauchner, who recently celebrated her 102nd birthday.
For the native Munich resident (born on 15 January 1921) from Schwanthalerhöhe, Monday is the highlight of the week. "Dancing and stepping are my life; I can't imagine living without them."
Ernestine is also joined on the dance floor by Eva-Maria Stolze (almost 97) and Elfriede Widmann (79).
The 97-year-old was born in Jena (Thüringen) in 1926. She was a soubrette, which today would be called a musical performer, and worked with the legendary Marika Rökk. "I have spent my life dancing, acting, and singing."
At the age of 79, Elfriede Widmann is something of a baby amongst the group of stepp dancers. She says: "We simply have fun with our dance teacher Sissy Engl."
Wikipedia: Stepptanz was developed in the USA in the 19th century and is now known all over the world. Two metal plates, attached to the front and back of the shoes, are used instead of the initially used wooden soles. These plates produce rhythmic sounds that match the visual impression and the music. As a result, the dancer becomes a percussion musician. The English expression for this is tap dance, and the French term is claquettes. The Spanish Flamenco may have influenced the Stepptanz, in which the tips of the shoes are nailed to produce a clearly audible sound when dancing.
The 77-year-old Sissi Engl is the heart and soul of the dance studio at Ostbahnhof. She is an actress, dancer, and choreographer. "We are a big family, where people of all ages and backgrounds are welcome."
And what is the secret to such a long life? "Movement keeps me young", the 102-year-old tells BILD. Her advice to everyone: "Sport, healthy eating, and no alcohol".
Analog in the dialogue - The limits of digital technology
As digitalisation progresses, many people are rediscovering their love of the analogue world.
The rapid pace at which our everyday lives have become digital has left us little time to establish rules for dealing with it and adapt our methods of communication and work to it, according to DNN columnist Claudia Muntschick.
Dresden. If you wanted to have a telephone conversation in Bautzen in 1985, you had three options. Either you were one of the lucky six percent who had a private phone line. Or you knew someone from this exclusive group in your neighbourhood and could use their phone to call relatives. Or you would look for a telephone booth. The smell of the plastic phone receiver and the sound of the coins dropping into the phone box are unforgettable. My biggest dream was to be able to see the face of the person I was calling – video calls, I thought, what a great idea!
What happens next in Moldova? 14 days for a new government
In Moldova (also known as Moldavia), President Maia Sandu has tasked former Minister of the Interior Dorin Recean with forming a government.
The 48-year-old economic expert now has 14 days to do this. Up until now, Recean was one of the president's advisors.
After only one and a half years in office, Prime Minister Natalia Gavrilita resigned unexpectedly. The pro-European head of government was under massive pressure, as she herself announced as the reason for her resignation – apparently she was being targeted by pro-Russian forces.
The president thanked Gavrilita for her "enormous sacrifices".
Moldova is a neighbouring country of Ukraine and is suffering from the economic consequences of the war. Inflation is over 40 percent and the small republic has taken in tens of thousands of refugees from Ukraine.
In the parliament in Chisinau, the pro-European party PAS (Party of Action and Solidarity), founded by President Sandu, holds a comfortable majority, occupying 63 of the 101 seats. The confirmation of the new head of government and his cabinet should therefore not pose a problem.
However, pro-European politicians have lost popularity in Moldova over the past few months, while pro-Russian politicians – with support from the Kremlin – have become more popular.
These were the costumes of the celebrities
In 2023, there will be a big celebration in Veitshöchheim once again. Oktoberfest is in full swing and the celebrities were not slow to respond.
The father of the land, Markus Söder, did not come as Moses, as suggested by his costume. He sees himself more as the chief of the Bavarian tribe, with his wife Karin Baumüller-Söder by his side.
Bavaria's Minister for the Environment and Consumer Protection, Thorsten Glauber, chose the children's hero Chase from Paw Patrol for his costume.
From the depths of the sea to Franconia came Justice Minister Georg Eisenreich along with his wife Anja.
Completely detached: Minister for Science and Art, Markus Blume, is drawn to space.
The president of the state parliament, Ilse Aigner, chose none other than "Mama Bavaria" as a role model for her costume.
In peace and love mode: Bavaria's Minister of Health Klaus Holetschek with his wife Birgit.
Bob the builder, a.k.a. building minister Christian Bernreiter, with his wife Ann-Kathrin Jandt-Bernreiter as Wendy.
Bavaria's golden boy: Finance Minister Albert Füracker with his wife Evelyne. She wore silver.
He even plays the sheriff during carnival: Bavaria's Minister of the Interior Joachim Herrmann, with his wife Gerswid by his side.
At the ball: Economic Minister Hubert Aiwanger pays homage to the trades with his costume; his partner Tanja Schweiger, district administrator for the Regensburg district, does the same.
The political opposition was naturally also present.
Everything for Bavaria: Green Party faction leader Katharina Schulze as Bavaria and her co-leader Ludwig Hartmann as the Bavarian lion.
The SPD fraction leader enjoys hiking: Florian von Brunn with the SPD chairperson Ronja Endres.
Royal did it with FDP party leader Martin Hagen. He and his wife Anisha came as Harry and Meghan.
Otherwise, he would certainly have said more. In Veitshöchheim, the group chairman in the EU Parliament, Manfred Weber, was performing as a pantomime, with Mrs Andrea by his side.
If politics don't work out, he can always turn to magic: Nuremberg's mayor Marcus König as Harry Potter and his wife Anke as Hermione.
Quick as a bee: Bavaria’s Digital Minister Judith Gerlach.
Back to the 1920s: the legal director of BR, Eva Majuntke, BR director Katja Wildermuth and BR cultural programming director Björn Wilhelm.
A small dig at climate activists from the Franconian crime scene investigator Sebastian Fleischer, played by Alexander Leopold Schadt.
The First Mayor of Veitshöchheim was of course also in attendance: Jürgen Götz and his wife Julia.
Oberhof: Kühn eighth in the World Championship sprint event
Bö continued his impressive streak despite difficult conditions and also won the sixth sprint race of the season. The five-time Olympic champion has now collected 14 World Championship titles and is closing in on his countryman Ole Einar Björndalen. The biathlon icon, who is serving as a TV expert on site, is still the undisputed record champion with 20 World Championship gold medals. Even heavy fog did not prevent the perennial winner Bö from collecting his second gold medal at the Rennsteig. On Wednesday, he had already successfully defended the title with Norway’s mixed relay team.
Hardly anyone doubts that Bö will be in third place in the cross-country race. In the pursuit, Bö is once again the clear favourite. His form is outstanding, which means that he can compensate for shooting errors to a certain extent with remarkable ease.
Meanwhile, things were not going well for Doll. After the veteran had squandered all chances of a medal in the mixed relay with a penalty lap, leaving the team in sixth place, things did not improve three days later. Three penalty laps in prone shooting and two more in standing were a huge disappointment for the oldest member of the German team, who had celebrated the greatest success of his career in this discipline in 2017.
Six years ago, in Hochfilzen, he won surprisingly by a hair's breadth with a lead of 0.7 seconds over Bö. It was one of only three career victories for Dolls, who so far this winter has only stood on the podium once. The eighth-place finisher from the Olympics in Beijing left without saying a word after his poor performance and initially did not give any interviews. Roman Rees managed to secure 19th place, and the second debutant at the World Championships, David Zobel, finished in 35th place.
Biden receives Lula: "We must stand up for democracy"
A meeting between US President Joe Biden and his counterpart from Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, will primarily focus on the value of democracy, with both leaders reflecting on their predecessors.
During a visit to his Brazilian counterpart Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, US President Joe Biden emphasized the importance of maintaining democratic values.
"The strong democracy of our two nations has been put to the test," said Biden on Friday in the White House in Washington. "We must continue to stand up for democracy, for the democratic values that form the core of our strength." Looking back at his right-wing predecessor Jair Bolsonaro, Lula replied: "Brazil has isolated itself for four years."
The left-wing politician Lula had defeated Bolsonaro in a run-off election at the end of October. On January 1, Lula took office. The change of power was accompanied by violent riots. Supporters of Bolsonaro had stormed the Congress, the Supreme Court, and the government headquarters in the capital city of Brasilia in January. The outbreak of violence in Brazil reminds us in a sinister way of the storming of the US Capitol by supporters of former President Donald Trump just two years ago, when they violently entered the parliament in Washington.
Lula openly criticized Bolsonaro during the meeting with Biden. His predecessor did not place much importance on international relations. "His world began and ended with fake news, in the morning, afternoon, and evening," said Lula. "That sounds familiar to me," replied Biden - an obvious reference to his predecessor Trump.
Short note about the press - Friday
Does anyone still remember the RAF wanted posters? They featured members of the Red Army Faction who were declared informants and marked for execution.
In a country with a culture of denunciation, which existed even before Corona, public opinion was stirred up against the most dangerous enemies of the BRD; let’s say, against bourgeois democracy, let’s say against late-capitalist society (without mentioning the truly dangerous ones in their suits and ties).
Now the Stuttgarter Zeitung, which is usually more interested in the antics of people masturbating in S-Bahn trains or in parks, is publishing a new article about Putin's "war criminals" and their friends. Because they are so nice, there is even a photo gallery. Of course, the StZ is poorly informed, because there are probably more "Russia fans" in the world (including Asia, Africa, and Latin America) than the StZ has room for in its photo gallery.
But that is not the point. The issue at hand is that Frau Wagenknecht is in 1st to 5th place (!), followed by Frau Schwarzer.
Well, I don't know anyone in my circle who reads this paper anymore, if they do, it's high time they did. We've reached the well-known level where there's nothing left underneath.
And now, at the very least, Frau Wagenknecht should be the most popular politician of all the people who have not yet completely lost their minds, i.e., the peace-loving, pacifist, and anti-militarist people. (And here, no further differentiation is necessary.)
Harald Glööckler files for divorce from his husband Dieter Schroth
Designers Harald Glööckler (57) and his partner Dieter Schroth (74) have separated. Glööckler's lawyer Christian-Oliver Moser confirmed this to the newspaper "Bild" and RTL, using the same words: "I can confirm that my client has filed an application to dissolve their civil partnership with the help of their family lawyer at the relevant court. I will not comment on any further details."
Glööckler and his life partner Schroth had been together for 35 years, and rumors of their separation had been circulating for about a year. According to various media reports, after his appearance on I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!, the fashion designer moved out of their shared home in the Pfalz and moved to Berlin. He also spoke about marital problems on the RTL show.
SS massacre in Oradour-sur-Glane: last survivor dies
A memorial center was established in the destroyed village northwest of Limoges, whose ruins have been preserved. France's President Emmanuel Macron awarded Hébras with the national order of merit a year ago. Macron said that Hébras fought for freedom and defended the values of France, and that he also contributed to the German-French peace. The survivor had advocated for German-French youth encounters, among other things.
A curve for 14 houses: In Homeien, everyone knows everyone else.
LZ series Nordlippische Weiler: In Homeien, it is not uncommon for three or four generations to live under one roof. Here, residents find pure idyllic surroundings. In the summer, up to 300 motorcycles per day race along the winding road between Niedermeien and Hillentrup – and some even go back the same way.
Christian Sewing, the CEO of Deutsche Bank, considers further interest rate increases in the fight against high inflation rates to be "absolutely" necessary. "The inflationary risks are still high. The cost of energy could easily rise again, and the opening of China could also give prices a temporary boost," Sewing told the "Welt am Sonntag."
At the beginning of February, the European Central Bank (ECB) raised interest rates in the Eurozone for the fifth time in a row and announced another increase of 0.5 percentage points for the meeting on 16 March. The key interest rate in the Eurozone is now 3.0 percent. The deposit rate that commercial banks receive when they park money at the ECB is 2.5 percent.
Higher interest rates make loans more expensive, which can slow down demand and counteract high rates of inflation. Higher interest rates can also lead to postponed investments, resulting in weaker economic growth.
Rising interest rates are also a burden for highly indebted eurozone countries such as Italy. “The consequences of sustained high inflation are far more serious than the higher financing costs for some countries,” said Sewing. “Of course, we need to keep this in mind, but a high level of debt should not prevent the ECB from acting consistently.”
The ECB aims for medium-term price stability at a rate of two percent for the eurozone. This target has been far out of reach for months. Although the rate of price increases weakened again in January, consumer prices in the monetary union of now 20 countries were still 8.5 percent higher than in the previous year.
Higher rates of inflation reduce the purchasing power of consumers, who can then afford less with each euro they spend. Steeply rising energy prices, which are a major driver of inflation, are also a burden for companies.
If inflation remains high, private consumption will "decline sooner or later", warned Sewing, who is also president of the Federal Association of German Banks (BdB). "I see this as the greatest current danger to the German economy, but I am optimistic that we can avoid this scenario."
Bosch CEO Stefan Hartung hopes for a broad debate on the "Germany speed" called for by Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) in infrastructure projects. "There will have to be a political and societal dialogue on this issue. And it may also be somewhat more controversial," he told the Deutsche Presse-Agentur in Stuttgart. He hopes that in the end, a regulatory framework will emerge, with which things will not necessarily have to move as quickly as they did with the LNG terminals put into operation around the turn of the year - but not as slowly as before either.
In mid-December, after ten months of planning and construction, the first German terminal for the import of liquefied natural gas (LNG) was opened. The aim was to fill a gap in the gas supply due to the lack of Russian gas deliveries, to some extent. Chancellor Olaf Scholz (SPD) spoke on this occasion of a new “German pace”. In addition, the federal government had recently initiated an acceleration of the approval process for wind turbines and power lines.
“First of all, it is very reassuring that the government acts so quickly when it really matters. However, this should not automatically mean that we always act in such a categorical manner from now on and, for example, place a wind turbine in a neighbour’s garden against their will”, said Hartung. There must therefore always be a negotiation process to determine what is right and wrong as a society.
In the past, attempts were made to use the classic rulebook and they failed. "We should reconsider whether our previous approach was the right one. Perhaps we overdid it with the rules and made things too complicated."
In view of the many unresolved issues, such as the expansion of power lines, Hartung said that he does not envy the federal government and the companies involved, "As a consumer of this energy, I need the expansion to happen, and it should be as green as possible."
Trade union warns of the break-up of the Bayer corporation
Following an announced change in leadership at Bayer, the chemical workers' union IG BCE warns of the company's potential disintegration. "From the perspective of employees, Bayer, with its three pillars, is perfectly positioned to meet the challenges of the future," said Francesco Grioli, a member of the union's board and a member of Bayer's supervisory board, to the "Rheinische Post" (Saturday edition).
This refers to the pharmaceutical business with prescription drugs, the consumer health business with over-the-counter medications, and the agricultural business. “The transformation of the industry can only be achieved with a corporate policy based on risk diversification and sustainability – and not on hedge fund activism”.
The background to this is the change in leadership at the pharmaceutical and agrochemical company announced on Thursday. The controversial CEO Werner Baumann will be stepping down from his position this summer, to be replaced by Bill Anderson, the former CEO of Swiss rival Roche, at the beginning of June.
Baumann has been under fire for a long time. The 2018 acquisition of the US seed producer Monsanto for 63 billion dollars is held against the manager. With the purchase, Bayer had to deal with expensive legal disputes regarding alleged cancer risks associated with the herbicide glyphosate. The Bayer share price has been in freefall for years. In 2019, the shareholders even refused to grant the CEO discharge at the annual general meeting.
It had been known for some time that Baumann did not intend to seek a renewal of his contract, which was actually set to run until 2024. Long-term oriented strategic investors had put pressure on him. Recently, several activist Anglo-Saxon investors such as Bluebell Capital have also gotten involved. According to a media report, Bluebell is pushing for a split of the company.
The very small fund, with an unknown level of investment in Bayer, is known for its aggressive approach. A separation of the "Consumer Health sector would be a possible way to increase the company's value," said Markus Manns, fund manager at Union Investment, to the "Rheinische Post." On the other hand, he does not believe that a separation of the much larger agricultural sector, Crop Science, is feasible.
Hundreds of thousands want to demonstrate against pension reform
Paris
On Saturday too, the French plan to take to the streets again in protest against the planned pension reform.
The unions are opposing a government initiative with massive protests on the streets. Hundreds of thousands of people want to demonstrate again on Saturday against the pension reform.
In France, hundreds of thousands of people are expected to demonstrate again on Saturday, on a national scale, against President Emmanuel Macron's planned pension reform. For the fourth time, the unions are mobilizing against the government's plans to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64. Already twice, over a million people took to the streets and there were nationwide strikes. Last Tuesday, 750,000 participants were counted at protests. There has been a turbulent debate about the controversial reform in parliament for a week now.
Already today, many people in France work longer than until the age of 62 if they have not contributed enough to receive a pension free of deductions when they reach retirement age. In many physically demanding jobs, people could hardly work any longer, according to opponents of the reform. Additionally, employees want to be able to enjoy their well-deserved retirement and not completely exhaust their health at work.
Macron: Threatening deficit in the pension fund
Macron justifies the reform with a looming deficit in the pension fund. As the population is getting older, employees will have to contribute more to cover the increasing number of retirees. In order to keep the level of pensions stable, the population will have to work a little longer. Critics doubt the government's calculations and demand that the state find other sources of funding to keep the pension system in balance.
However, the government wants to make changes not only to the retirement age. The increase in the required contribution period for a full pension, which was decided years ago, is to be accelerated. In addition, individual pension systems with privileges for certain professions are to be abolished, and the minimum pension is to be raised to approximately 1200 euros.
The pension reform is considered one of President Macron’s most important projects. During the Corona pandemic, an initial attempt to implement the reform was abandoned, and there were massive protests and strikes even then. Numerous presidents before Macron have attempted to reform the French pension system with varying degrees of success – and there have always been widespread protests and strikes.
Since Macron's party no longer has an absolute majority in parliament, they are hoping to push through the reform with the help of the conservative Républicains, who have announced their support. However, some of the members of parliament - even from Macron's own party - still have reservations. At the moment, Macron seems to be more concerned about paralyzing strikes than about a close vote. Before the renewed demonstrations on Saturday, the president said that he could count on the organizers to act responsibly so that they would remain peaceful and would not lead to a blockade of the country.
Quiet weather is expected - lots of sunshine in high altitude areas.
A powerful high-pressure area is located over Central Europe and is determining the weather in Germany. Does this mean that sunny weather can be expected everywhere?
Offenbach
In Germany, calm high-pressure weather is expected at least until the middle of the week. "When looking at the weather maps, a powerful high-pressure system directly over central Europe immediately catches the eye," explains meteorologist Markus Übel from the German Weather Service on Saturday in Offenbach. "Although this high-pressure system will shift slightly to the east over the course of the next week, it will continue to determine the weather in Germany."
However, calm high-pressure weather in winter does not necessarily mean sunny weather, says Übel. “Such a high-pressure system can be quite mean and bring dreary, persistent fog to the lowlands for days on end, while the highlands of the midlands experience pure sunshine”.
In most regions, Sunday will start in a hazy, overcast condition. According to the DWD, it may also rain in areas such as the Erzgebirge and the Thüringer Wald up to Niederbayern. Throughout the day, the cloud cover will lift, especially along the Alpine range, but also in the southwest and parts of the west. The sun will become more frequent. In the rest of the country, the sky will remain heavily overcast or shrouded in fog. Temperatures will range from 4 to 9 degrees, with values around 10 degrees in areas near the Rhine.
"On Monday, the sun, which is gradually becoming stronger, will start to break through the high level fog again and gradually dissolve it," says the meteorologist. Sunshine is expected all day long on the edge of the Alps, in the highlands of the midlands, and in parts of North Rhine-Westphalia. Elsewhere, the sun will have to fight its way through the high level fog. The maximum temperatures will range from 5 to 9 degrees, with 11 degrees expected in the Niederrhein region, and only 3 degrees in the southeast, where it will remain perpetually grey. A weak wind will be blowing from different directions.
On Tuesday, in some low-lying areas, there may only be a slow dissipation of fog or thick fog. Otherwise, after the fog clears, the weather will be sunny. In high altitudes, in large parts of NRW and on the edge of the Alps, the sun is expected to shine all day, according to the forecast, and temperatures will rise to between 5 and 11 degrees depending on the amount of sunshine.
Dominatorin is disappointed: Goggia once again fails to win a medal at the World Championships
The favourite, Sofia Goggia, who was knocked out of the downhill event at the alpine skiing world championships, has expressed her disappointment in a serious manner.
Méribel
"I am sad because I did not perform to the level I am capable of," said the Italian to ZDF after she had set up a goal and been eliminated. Nonetheless, the 30-year-old was able to prevent a potentially serious fall.
Goggia has been the dominant downhill skier in the World Cup for years. She has won four of the six previous seasonal races in this discipline. After winning gold in Pyeongchang in 2018, she won silver at the Olympic Winter Games in Beijing in 2022. Goggia, who is known for her risky style of skiing, still has to wait for a World Championship medal in her specialty discipline. She missed the competition in Cortina d'Ampezzo two years ago due to injury.
"I actually thought I was doing well. It was all about hundredths of a second," said Goggia after the surprising victory of Swiss skier Jasmine Flury in Méribel, France. "I am disappointed. I gave it my all. But that's life." Sometimes, she said, one believes things are guaranteed: "But they're not." This was in reference to the medal that was expected by all experts and ultimately missed.
Girl missing in Berlin: Who has seen Viktoriya?
Viktoriya Stankovych has been missing since 10 February.
Viktoriya Stankovych was last seen on Friday at the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station. The police are asking for information about her whereabouts.
Berlin. With the publication of a photo, the Berlin police are asking for the public's help in searching for a missing child. The 12-year-old Viktoriya Stankovych is believed to have left the grounds of her school, together with other children, at around 12:30 on 10 February 2023, in the direction of the Waidmannslust S-Bahn station. She was last seen at the S-Bahn station. The child has been a refugee in Berlin since April 2022 and has very limited knowledge of the German language and the local area.
Physical description: slender build
brown eyes
black, long hair with a ponytail
dressed in a long black jacket; dark pants; pink ankle boots and a multicolored scarf
is wearing a backpack.
The criminal police department of police headquarters 1 (Nord) can be contacted on the phone number (030) 4664 - 171 100 or at any other police station.
Selenskyj and ministers against Russia's participation in the Olympics
Kiev. With their demand for the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris, sports politicians from 35 nations have increased the pressure on the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
It was agreed during a joint teleconference to draft a statement in order to prevent attempts to send athletes from Russia and Belarus back from international sporting events, reports the Lithuanian Ministry of Sport on its website.
"We demand the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from all international competitions, including the Olympic Games, as long as the war in Ukraine continues," said Minister Jurgita Šiugždinienė.
The video conference had taken place at the initiative of Great Britain. According to a tweet by the British Minister of Sport, Lucy Frazer, it had been a very productive meeting. "And I made Great Britain's position very clear: as long as Putin continues his barbaric war, Russia and Belarus should not be represented at the Olympic Games. We will now issue a joint statement on this topic."
Previously, the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj had protested during an international video conference of sports ministers and other high-ranking representatives against the participation of athletes from Russia and Belarus in international competitions. "While Russia is killing and terrorizing, representatives of this terrorist state have no place in sports and Olympic competitions," said Selenskyj. He published his speech on his Telegram channel. In the end, a neutral flag is also stained with blood and is therefore unacceptable because of the Russian war of aggression.
Ukraine threatens with a boycott
Ukraine also considers Belarus to be a party to the war, because the country provides Russian troops with military bases for attacks. Selenskyj called on officials to work towards protecting the Olympic principles and prevent the admission of Russian athletes to the competitions. The President also renewed his criticism of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), which he said has unfortunately lost its integrity.
The reason for the conference was the announcement by the IOC that it wanted to allow athletes from Russia and Belarus to participate in international competitions under certain conditions. Ukraine has also threatened to boycott the event if the IOC allows the athletes to compete.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior also issues a statement.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior, which is responsible for sports, subsequently stated that it had reiterated its position during the consultations, namely that it would refuse to allow Russian and Belarusian athletes to compete in Paris. “In our view, there is no reason to invite Russian and Belarusian athletes back into competition. Ukrainian athletes must continue to receive the full solidarity and support of the international sports community. The IOC’s efforts to reinstate Russian and Belarusian athletes are the wrong approach”, a spokesperson for the Ministry of the Interior told dpa in response to a request for information.
At the end of January, the Minister of the Interior Nancy Faeser (SPD) had already emphasized: "Sport should be clear in its condemnation of the brutal war that Putin is waging against the Ukrainian civilian population. Major sporting events do not take place in a vacuum." Russia, on the other hand, emphasizes that sport and politics must be kept separate.
Currently, Russia and Belarus are excluded from many international sporting competitions. However, the IOC is aiming for a return of athletes from both countries to the international sporting arena under a neutral flag, provided that they clearly declare their allegiance to the Olympic Charter and do not actively support the war in Ukraine. IOC President Thomas Bach recently stated that excluding them "because of a passport or place of birth" violates the ban on discrimination.
Pointing out where it happened.
"Hey, nice ass!" shouting lewd comments at a woman in a tight, sexy costume: all of this falls under the term "catcalling". Behind this term lies nothing less than a form of verbal sexual harassment in public spaces.
Half of vehicles lost? The USA believe Moscow's tank fleet has been severely depleted
Half of vehicles lost? The USA believe Moscow's tank fleet has been severely depleted
The Pentagon estimates that Russia has lost a significant number of tanks in Ukraine since the beginning of the war, with the loss of "half of its main stock".
During its war of aggression against Ukraine, the Russian army has already lost half of its battle tanks, according to estimates by the US Department of Defense. "Presumably half of the main stock of tanks" of the Russian army has been "destroyed or confiscated" by Ukraine, said Celeste Wallander, Secretary of State for International Security Issues in the US Department of Defense.
During an online event hosted by the think tank Center for a New American Security, Wallander did not provide any further details regarding the number of tanks that were seized and destroyed according to US estimates.
In the coming weeks, Ukraine is set to receive battle tanks from several of its Western allies. Great Britain has promised to deliver Challenger-2 battle tanks to Kiev in March. Germany plans to deliver a battalion of Leopard-2 tanks to Ukraine in a coalition with other states by April. The USA has also promised a battalion of 31 battle tanks of the Abrams type, although their delivery is expected to take significantly longer.
Russia wants to catch up.
In response to Western military aid, former Kremlin chief Dmitri Medvedev announced the construction and modernization of thousands of tanks. "As we know, our enemy abroad has been begging for planes, missiles, and tanks," said Medvedev, who is now the deputy head of the Russian Security Council, during a visit to a tank factory in the Siberian city of Omsk. "It is clear that in this case it is self-evident for us to increase the production of various types of weapons and military technology - including modern tanks."
A law that enables the economy to be more closely aligned with the needs of the army has been in force in Russia since last summer. As a result, certain industries can be required to supply the military.
Controversy over the appointment of officers in the army
This is because the position that will in future be held by the former director of the Heeresgeschichtliches Museum (HGM) Christian Ortner was not advertised. The personnel representative of the Academy, Herwig Jedlaucnik, suspects that the position was awarded through corruption and abuse of authority. Defence Minister Klaudia Tanner (ÖVP) defends the procedure.
A call for bids is not necessary because the appointment is for an unoccupied position, said the minister. "I do not want to comment on the speculations of a representative of the Freedom Party." Ortner was replaced last year after 17 years at the head of the HGM. In addition to criticism of the museum's handling of Austria's military past, he was also faced with serious accusations of mobbing. These accusations have been cleared up, according to Tanner.
Jedlaucnik also questions Ortners suitability for the job, pointing out that he is an expert on the First World War and the wars of the monarchy, whereas the institute deals with current issues in security policy.
The SPÖ is demanding that Tanner provide clarification about the "unusual appointment process". The decision bears "the appearance of job-swapping", says Robert Laimer, the SPÖ's spokesperson on defence issues. The Neos are calling on Tanner to withdraw the appointment. The ÖVP is "still up to its neck in a corruption scandal", said Douglas Hoyos, spokesperson for defence issues, adding that he would be submitting a parliamentary inquiry on the matter.
Carnival: The first fools are forced to give up due to costs
Thuringia’s carnival stronghold Wasungen wants to stick to the traditional carnival parade, unlike the state capital. However, the higher costs for security, among other things, are difficult to manage in Wasungen, says carnival president Marcel Kißling. The funds alone for this make up about half of the calculated total costs for the parade.
In Brandenburg, no carnival parades are being cancelled. The "Zug der fröhlichen Leute" (parade of merry people) in Cottbus, which is likely to be the largest in East Germany once again, will take place for the first time after the pandemic. No parades have been cancelled for the Swabian-Alemannic carnival either.
Despite the increased costs, Marne, the carnival stronghold of Schleswig-Holstein, is sticking to its traditional parade. "We are going ahead with our event," says Heiko Claußen, president of the carnival society. But even here, financial worries are a concern: if more sponsors are not found, or if the existing sponsors do not contribute more, the reserves will have to be tapped - "this cannot be done every year." The current deficit: approximately 200,000 euros.
And inflation: for confectionery, there has been a price increase of up to 60 percent in some cases, says Elvira Reuther from the Nürnberger Fastnachtszug support association. Due to good luck in bad luck, too much was ordered in 2020, which is why there is still plenty of stock this time around. However, it is already certain that the parade will be more expensive. Twice as many personnel will be required for security as in 2020.
Anyone standing on the side of the parade route in the Rhineland on Shrove Monday might receive fewer sweets than before. Because sweets have become more expensive, some parade participants are carrying fewer sweets. Sweets or not, the crowds are expected to be large: "I believe that if it doesn't rain that day, we can expect an increased number of people," says Holger Kirsch, the parade leader in Cologne. "This is due to the fact that there was no regular Shrove Monday parade for two years. The parade cannot be replaced by anything."
The organising committee in Cologne is not commenting in detail on the costs. However, it is a matter of public knowledge that the train is generally “deficitary”.
The Ukraine diary: dreams and homemade vodka
It is no coincidence that Ukrainians are known for their love of alcohol. There is local beer such as Obolon from Kiev or beer from Lviv. I always discover German beer here too, not Kulmbacher, but from other large breweries such as Krombacher or Warsteiner. I can’t really tell the difference in taste. The same goes for vodka, which is widely available. They mainly produce it in the villages themselves and call it Samargon. No one knows exactly how much of it is consumed in the former Soviet republics. In Russia, the Minister of Health claimed a few years ago that consumption had dropped by an incredible 80 percent in five years. Well, you can see that you can’t always trust what the Russians say. It is said that tourists should be careful with it, but that only applies if they buy it in bulk. Then it is probably adulterated.
FC Hansa Rostock is rewarded for its hard work: "We had the luck of the game on our side"
Food and drink
If you want to celebrate the weekend with a cocktail or enjoy a beer after work, Rostock and Warnemünde have some great bars for that. The restaurant scene offers many locations for after-work gatherings or for warming up before club parties. Where is the best place? A look at the Google reviews will show you.
Biathlon World Championships: Federal President predicts a victory by the favourites and praises Oberhof
Federal President Frank-Walter Steinmeier and his wife Elke Büdenbender were greeted at the arena by chimney sweep master Tobias Böttger and the Oberhof mascot "Flocke"
Oberhof. The German biathletes had nothing to do with the awarding of medals in the World Championship sprint in Oberhof. However, there were two glimmers of hope in the fog.
No matter how hard the Federal President tried, it was impossible to tell from the VIP section whether the discs actually fell from the shooting range on Saturday. "I had to check the results on my phone," admitted Frank-Walter Steinmeier with a smile, and referred to the constantly moving fog that drifted into the stadium and severely impaired the view of the race for the spectators on the Rennsteig.
Nonetheless, Steinmeier enjoyed the visit to the 10 km sprint race at the Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof, and received numerous tips from the Olympic champions Frank Ullrich and Peter Sendel: "Since the Olympic Games in South Korea, when Laura Dahlmeier won gold in the first race, biathlon has fascinated me," he revealed, and praised Oberhof for its modernized sports facilities: "The newly renovated arena is great and offers ideal conditions. The athletes also say so - with thanks to those who have been working here since the World Championships were awarded to us." In terms of sustainability, the location is now "a step ahead" of many others, and therefore "secure for the next few years and even decades."
Once again, the Norwegian Johannes Thingnes Bö outran the competition in a sporting display. Despite a penalty lap following a shooting error, he secured the win in 23:21.7 minutes, securing his sixth victory in the sixth sprint of the winter season – and thereby his second World Championship title in Oberhof. His brother Tarjei, who shot without error (14.8 seconds behind), and Sturla Holm Lägreid (1 penalty lap/39.9 seconds) as well as Johannes Dale (1/43.6) completed the Norwegian quadruple victory.
One day after Denise Herrmann-Wick's triumph, the local ski racers were unable to get involved in the fight for the medals. Johannes Kühn, after a shooting error and with a deficit of 1:04.8 minutes, finished in eighth place as the best German. WM debutant Justus Strelow shot perfectly and became twelfth (1:14.6). Two glimmers of hope behind the grey fog. On the other hand, Benedikt Doll once again disappointed. After his disastrous mixed race on Wednesday, the Black Forest native this time left five targets standing and disappeared, deeply disappointed and without comment, into the locker room as the 55th place finisher.
Bö started the race in front of 14,300 spectators and demonstrated his status despite the difficult visibility conditions. However: on his last two standing shots, he had the luck of the skilled; they both landed on the edge of the targets and still fell down. The winner then enjoyed the ceremony together with his five-year-old brother: "It's the best feeling to stand here with him," said the world champion. "We are the best family, the best brothers, the best athletes."
There is little doubt that the Norwegians will also dominate the race on Sunday. In contrast, the German hopes rest on Herrmann-Wick. "If you start as number one, your goal is not to finish in tenth place. There is only full throttle and attack, in order to defend the number one spot," said sporting director Felix Bitterling, putting pressure on his "locomotive". The organizers expect an almost sold-out arena for the double event (13:25 and 15:30/ZDF and Eurosport live).
Brych is not pleased with the "swarm of bees" on the pitch
Felix Brych – The referee Felix Brych will make the decisions on the referee’s bench.
Aggressive players or grumpy coaches? Germany's referees want to "consistently punish" unsportsmanlike conduct. Referee chief Fröhlich points to a role model function.
The German top referee Felix Brych has identified negative trends in the way players interact on the field. "I think there are new behaviours among players, where they surround the referee after decisions, like a swarm of bees, and try to push him towards the review area," the 47-year-old told the Deutsche Presse-Agentur. "We discussed this during the winter break. We have decided that we do not want to accept such unsportsmanlike behaviour. We will pay closer attention to this in the future and will also take action against it."
Most recently, two coaches were also given place bans. Mainz coach Bo Svensson was sent off during the cup defeat against FC Bayern. Freiburg coach Christian Streich was given a red card for his team's league defeat in Dortmund. "The behavior of coaches also falls under the category of unsportsmanlike conduct. We have noticed that unsportsmanlike conduct in this area has increased, that the behavior towards referees has become a bit more demanding or aggressive. We also want to consistently punish such unsportsmanlike conduct," said Brych.
DFB referee chief Lutz Michael Fröhlich pointed out a generally good relationship between coaches and referees: "Overall, the relationship is good. There are reactions, followed by consistent counter-reactions. The person affected must then live with that, and it shouldn't be anything particularly earth-shattering," Fröhlich told the German Press Agency.
"Emotions can lead to conflicts during the course of a game, but if emotions spill over into personal insults, one must also accept that the appropriate measures must be taken by the referee," said Fröhlich. In recent cases, the parties involved have cleared things up afterwards. "It would only be important if such behaviour were to be generally discouraged," said Fröhlich on the sidelines of an event held by the Association of German Sports Journalists in Munich.
The 65-year-old pointed out possible effects on a different level: "Of course, incidents from professional football always have an impact. There is a role model effect, resulting in imitation. In the most recent cases in the Bundesliga, the referees have reacted consistently to negative behavior," said Fröhlich. "Regardless of the consistent interpretation of the rules during the game, a clarifying conversation, with an exchange of perspectives between the referees and those affected, is always helpful."
Combined event athlete Oftebro wins in Schonach
The victory was secured by the Norwegian Jens Luraas Oftebro after a jump from the normal hill and the 10 kilometre long cross-country ski race, ahead of the overall Austrian leader Johannes Lamparter. Third place went to Kristjan Ilves from Estonia.
The German combined team is not at full strength in the Black Forest. Beijing Olympic champions Vinzenz Geiger, Eric Frenzel, and Johannes Rydzek are not there. They are preparing for the World Championships with training in Oberstdorf, which will take place from February 21st to March 5th in Planica, Slovenia. “We have three world-class athletes at home, the team naturally feels this,” said team coach Hermann Weinbuch on ZDF.
Seven people with minor injuries after a collision on the A5
Seven people, including two children, were slightly injured in a collision involving four vehicles on the A5 motorway near Hemsbach (Rhein-Neckar-Kreis). According to a police report, the collision occurred on Saturday when a driver, caught in a slight traffic jam from behind, hit another vehicle and pushed it into two others. The full closure of the lanes in the direction of Heidelberg was lifted after approximately one and a half hours.
Finissage at the Marl Sculpture Museum
They brought the exhibition to life: the initiators Sebastian Freytag (left) and Georg Elben (right) stand with artist Christian Freudenberger in front of his mural.
On Sunday, 12 February, an unusual exhibition will come to an end at the Marl Sculpture Museum. There will be some extra events to mark the finale.
The final event for the exhibition "Wandgebunden" will take place on Sunday, 12 February, at 3 pm, in the temporary quarters of the Marl Sculpture Museum in Georg-Herwegh-Straße 63-67. In three exhibition rooms, two large wall paintings will attract attention.
After the exhibition, the walls will be repainted and the artworks will disappear. However, a catalogue will document the works created specifically for the Marl Museum. It will be presented by the two curators, Georg Elben and Sebastian Freytag, on 12 February.
As part of the final event, Dr. Friederike Schuler will also give a talk on wall-based art in the service of the community. Using numerous examples, she will present the special features of wall painting from the Weimar Republic and explore the connections to this art form in the Federal Republic, with a focus on NRW from the 1950s to the 1970s.
Dr. Friederike Schuler is a freelance art historian and curator who earned her doctorate in 2013 on the wall paintings of the Weimar Republic. Since then, she has been researching architectural art as well as the history of art and institutions in post-war Germany. Most recently, she has been working with Sebastian Freytag on art in construction in NRW. After the lecture, the final curator-led tour of the exhibition will take place, with the artists in attendance.
Arrest warrants following building collapses in Turkey
It is about construction defects that contributed to the collapse of buildings: in the Turkish earthquake region, the judicial authorities have issued arrest warrants for dozens of suspects.
Istanbul. In the south of Turkey, dozens of arrest warrants have been issued following building collapses during the earthquake, due to possible construction defects. In the city of Diyarbakir, arrest warrants have been issued against 33 people, reported the state news agency Anadolu on Saturday, citing prosecutors. The accused are believed to be responsible for construction defects that contributed to the collapse of the buildings.
According to Anadolu, the public prosecutor's office in Adana is also investigating possible construction defects in the collapsed buildings. As part of these investigations, 62 arrest warrants have been issued so far, it was reported. One of the accused was reportedly apprehended at the airport in Istanbul; he allegedly attempted to travel to Montenegro with cash and is currently in custody pending further investigation. Nine other people were reportedly arrested in the cities of Sanliurfa and Osmaniye.
On Monday morning, an earthquake measuring 7.7 on the Richter scale shook the Turkish-Syrian border region, followed by another earthquake measuring 7.6 in the afternoon. More than 7,500 buildings collapsed in Turkey alone.
Former East German Prime Minister Hans Modrow has died.
Hans Modrow has died, as the Left Party in the German Bundestag announced. The 95-year-old passed away in the night from Friday to Saturday. The chairman of the party's parliamentary group, Dietmar Bartsch, paid tribute to the former SED official and later PDS and Left Party politician, describing him as a "deeply sincere socialist".
"Hans Modrow passed away last night at the age of 95", the Left party faction in the Bundestag announced on Saturday. The party is therefore losing "a significant figure", explained the faction chairperson Dietmar Bartsch and the former faction chairperson Gregor Gysi.
In the 1970s, Hans Modrow became the 1st secretary of the SED district leadership in Dresden. As Minister President, he oversaw the end of the GDR. Only four days after the fall of the Berlin Wall, on November 13, 1989, he became the chairman of the GDR Minister Council - for around 150 days. In the Volkskammer elections on March 18, 1990, the SED/PDS lost power and Modrow lost his position a month later. He was succeeded as the last Minister President of the GDR until reunification by the CDU politician Lothar de Maizière.
The chairman of the Left Party, Dietmar Bartsch, described Modrow in a message on the microblogging service Twitter as a "deeply sincere and combative socialist". Bartsch added:
"Right up until his old age, he was an important advisor in our party, and his wisdom will be sorely missed."
"The peaceful course of the reunification of Germany was precisely a particular achievement of his. This will remain his political legacy," wrote Bartsch and Gysi in their tribute.
"His later work in the Volkskammer, the Bundestag, the European Parliament, and as honorary chairman of the PDS always consisted in representing even those parts of the former population of East Germany who were not wanted and whose interests were regularly violated."
After reunification, Modrow sat in the German Bundestag for the PDS from 1990 to 1994, and represented them in the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
According to a report by Deutsche Presse-Agentur (dpa), Modrow viewed the new state "with a great deal of criticism". German reunification was accomplished too quickly, the GDR was swallowed up too unconditionally, and it was condemned as an "unjust state" too one-sidedly, Modrow criticized in many interviews, according to dpa.
What happened in the night.
Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has condemned Russian rocket attacks. Meanwhile, Kiev has to carry out repairs to the power grid.
Kiev – The latest wave of Russian rocket attacks has once again forced emergency repairs to the Ukrainian energy grid. However, Ukraine is also attacking Russian positions. Several thermal and hydroelectric power plants have been damaged, said the head of the energy supplier Ukrenerho, Volodymyr Kudryzkyj, on Friday evening on Ukrainian television. The situation with the power supply in the Charkiw region is particularly dire. Due to the instability in the Ukrainian power grid, one reactor at the Chmelnyzkyj nuclear power plant had to be shut down, and production was slowed down at the nuclear power plants in Riwne and Südukraine.
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy condemned the Russian attack with approximately 100 rockets and cruise missiles on Friday as terrorism, but in a video message he reported to his fellow citizens on how much support Ukraine received during his trip to London, Paris, and Brussels this week.
Selenskyj does not want to abandon the small town of Bachmut
On February 24, a year since the war began, US President Joe Biden announced a visit to Poland, a key supporter of Ukraine. The danger of Russian missile attacks continued into the night before Saturday. In the capital city of Kiev, an air raid alert was sounded for the fifth time that day late on Friday evening. "An attack with drones is imminent," reported the military administration of the Kiev region. Combat drones of Iranian design were also spotted and shot down over the regions of Mykolajiw and Odessa in the south.
Deutsche Bahn: The government has chosen consultants for the network company
Demands from, among others, the FDP and the Greens during the election campaign to split it off failed due to opposition from the SPD coalition partner. In the coalition agreement, a compromise was reached on the creation of an infrastructure company that, however, should be geared towards the common good in the future. This means that it does not need to generate or distribute profits.
A backlog of 80 billion euros in renovation projects
The two consulting firms are expected to help the government oversee this process. The backlog of repairs to the rail network is a major reason why the railway is currently running very late trains. Transport Minister Wissing has made it his mission to rectify this situation by carrying out comprehensive repairs to entire railway corridors. The investments required for this have been estimated at 50 billion euros, but according to more recent calculations by the railway company, they are likely to be as much as 80 billion euros.
Biathlon World Championships in Oberhof 2023 – Gold for Denise Herrmann-Wick: “Can someone please pinch me?”
Apparently, the external circumstances did not work in Herrmann-Wick's favor. She said that she had slept poorly, that she was "totally agitated", that her pulse had not slowed down even when she entered the arena. "A race like this", she said, "cannot be described with words", she said. 11,000 spectators cheered to the thumping sound of schlager music, waving German flags. Her coach and teammates fell into each other's arms.
"Enjoy the biathlon", that was her goal.
The pressure on Herrmann-Wick was particularly high. The 34-year-old was the biggest, if not the only, German medal hope outside of the relay teams at the World Championships. Herrmann-Wick is the only German to have won two World Cups this winter. She currently holds fifth place in the overall World Cup standings. And even though the level of performance among women is significantly higher at the top than among men, where Johannes Thingnes Bø and his Norwegian team currently dominate, there were other names on the list for this sprint victory.
Criticism of the government - Bishop in Nicaragua sentenced to 26 years in prison
The bishop is a prominent critic of the left-leaning head of state. He accuses Ortega of suppressing religious freedom. Relations between the Nicaraguan government and the Catholic Church have been severely strained since 2018, when demonstrators demanding Ortega's resignation took refuge in churches. More than 350 people lost their lives during the protests in 2018. Thousands of people left the Central American country in the following years, often out of fear of repression or arrest. President Ortega accuses the Catholic clergy of conspiring with the US government to overthrow him.
Bundeswehr: The arms industry is demanding more orders from the special fund
The first arms projects have therefore already been cancelled, and further projects are at risk of being cancelled, as reported by the "Welt am Sonntag". It is currently not possible to say which investments will be specifically affected. "There is no need to assign specific procurement measures to a potential need for savings at this point in time," states a response from the federal government to a question from Ingo Gädechens (CDU), a member of the German parliament.
The reason for the declining investment sum is the rising interest rates. The special fund, which is fully financed by credit and which the German parliament approved in June 2022, must bear the interest costs for the loans itself. If these interest rates rise, there will be less money available for specific acquisitions for the Bundeswehr. In addition, the current high inflation is reducing the purchasing power of the remaining sum.
Kupferzell: Accident with 3 injured people
In the night from Friday to Saturday (10.02.-11.02.), at around 1:40 AM, a 24-year-old BMW driver, coming from Kupferzell, wanted to turn left onto the motorway in the direction of Heilbronn at the Kupferzell motorway entrance. At this time, a 21-year-old VW driver was travelling on the B 19 in the direction of Künzelsau, as reported by the police. During the BMW driver's turning maneuver, there was a collision between the two vehicles.
Both parties involved in the accident claimed that the traffic lights installed at the scene were showing "green" for them. An inspection of the traffic lights revealed no issues. Further investigations are ongoing. The 24-year-old, the 21-year-old, and the passenger in the BMW were all slightly injured in the accident and had to be taken to the hospital. The two cars sustained a total of approximately €20,000 in damage.
The Schlossplatz in Stuttgart remembers the victims of the earthquake disaster
Many people from Stuttgart followed the call from the Ditib mosque in Feuerbach on Friday evening.
Tens of thousands of people have died in the earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria. People are showing their sympathy - including in Stuttgart.
The earthquake disaster in Turkey and Syria is preoccupying the world. On Friday evening, more than 200 people gathered on Stuttgart's Schlossplatz to remember the victims and pray for them.
Many members of the congregation followed the call of the Ditib mosque community in Feuerbach, both young and old, men and women. They all listened attentively and in silence to the prayer of the imam. In the prayer, the imam asked Allah for help for the people in the affected areas, so that they could overcome this catastrophe as well. He asked, among other things, for health, protection from plagues, and for respectful treatment of one another. The congregation also requested assistance and strength "to bring our help to the areas affected by the earthquake."
Ditib stands by the people in Turkey and Syria. The speakers expressed their sympathy for the victims and their families, who number more than 22,000 at the time of the memorial event. The prayers were also translated into German on the Schlossplatz.
Solidarity among Muslims in Germany with the victims of the earthquake in the Turkish-Syrian border region is great. The donation campaign of the German Islamic Association Turkish-Islamic Union (Ditib) has already raised several million euros.
The Alevite community in Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt collected donations of goods in Glockenstraße over several days, which were then transported to the earthquake areas by lorry. Even there, the willingness to help was overwhelming.
Hiking with meat filling - Ebersberg
"After eating, you should rest or take a thousand steps"... The older generation knows this saying, while younger people simply put it into practice. In any case, during the pandemic years, the good old digestive walk has experienced an unprecedented renaissance. Because who, thanks to working from home, is not sitting in the middle of a desert of stone, but rather just a stone's throw away from fields, forests, and meadows, now uses the lunch break either after a quick snack in front of the screen or instead for a walk in the fresh air. At least, this is the impression one gets around the Egglburger See, where between 12 and 2 pm not only dog owners are hanging out.
One possible reason for this could be that people in modern times, as part of their optimal use of time, can combine the health benefits of fresh air with other activities. Why not, for example, use a short walk through nature as an opportunity to catch up with a neighbor you haven't seen in a long time and find out what's new in the neighborhood? Or use the opportunity to meet up with a friend you never have time to see, not even at the cinema? In this way, it's also possible to combine work and personal life - who says that an appointment with a tax consultant, lawyer or financial advisor can't take place outdoors, as long as there are no nearby strangers around to hear you? Of course, this assumes that there are no eavesdroppers nearby.
What you can also do very effectively is buy goods. Fresh fruit, for example, which sits alongside a small cheese platter on a table by the side of the road. Or potatoes and meat. The only downside is if you haven't already thought about and made arrangements for the purchase beforehand. An elderly couple in Hinteregglburg leave the farmer's wooden sales room empty-handed and with regret in their voices: "It's a shame, we forgot to bring money."
One can sympathize with their disappointment, even if one does not have a companion with a wallet, but does not have a means of transportation. One can also let the sympathetic stranger know this. To which the man responds: "That's not true! You do have a bag with you!" And he points to the hood of the jacket, which one quickly put on before leaving the house, even though the sunshine makes an additional head covering unnecessary. "My wife always packs everything in there!"
And so it happens that you set out on the return journey with a meat dish and, on this short midday excursion, you not only come away with a lamb fillet but also with a particularly practical idea. It is quite possible that a second walk will be in order that day – after dinner, this time, for digestion.
Trapped and severely injured
Around 9 pm, the 25-year-old was driving his Audi on the Kreisstraße road towards Hailfingen when, for as yet unknown reasons, he veered off to the right after taking a left-hand bend, according to police reports. The Audi hit a traffic sign post, collided sideways with a tree, and came to a stop a few meters away. The driver was trapped in his car as a result of the collision. The fire department freed him using heavy equipment. The rescue services took the seriously injured man to a hospital. Since there was a suspicion of driving while incapacitated, a blood sample was taken. According to police reports, the Audi suffered total damage amounting to 1000 euros.
Donald Trump's tax records: a win for the rule of law
The US Department of Justice has made a decision: the financial authority must hand over the tax returns of the former president to Congress.
Trump in 2018, still in office as President of the USA
The Finance Ministry must order the tax authority IRS to release confidential documents to the Finance and Tax Committee, according to a decision by the Ministry on Friday.
Contrary to political practices in the USA, the real estate entrepreneur Trump had not made his tax returns public either as a candidate or later as president. He fought against their release all the way to the Supreme Court. A district attorney’s office in New York has now received the documents, but no details may be made public from them – unless a trial takes place.
The release to Congress is likely to be more problematic for Trump: there, the circle of those authorized to access the information is somewhat larger and, under certain conditions, certain details could be released during the course of the committee's investigation. In addition, confidential information is continually leaking out of Congress.
The chairwoman of the House of Representatives, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, immediately welcomed the decision as a "victory for the rule of law." Access to the Republican's tax documents is a matter of national security, she wrote on Twitter. "The American people deserve to know the facts about his conflicts of interest and his efforts to undermine our security as president," explained Pelosi.
Cabaret in the Bastion: Life plays out between birth and death
Kirchheim. Pasta or pizza? Samsung or Apple? Which mobile phone contract from the many options? Stay or leave? Either-or? People today rush from one appointment to the next like slaves to time, sometimes pushing people and hamburgers aside in the process. Lucy van Kuhl shows in her new program that the "in-between" state can be exciting.
In a humorous and thought-provoking way, Lucy van Kuhl tells and sings about situations from life. In her sensitive chansons and snappy cabaret songs, she gets to the heart of the matter - and there is more between the lines. The show starts on Saturday, February 18th at 8:30 PM in the Kirchheimer club Bastion.
British serious offender apprehended in Thailand after a long period of flight
London - After five years on the run, a convicted drug dealer from Great Britain has been apprehended in Thailand. As the British Criminal Investigation Department NCA announced on Saturday, the man was arrested on Friday by Thai police officers in a car workshop in Bangkok. The 55-year-old was on the "Most Wanted" list of the criminals most sought after by the NCA.
According to information from authorities, the leader of a criminal group fled in early 2018 before the start of a trial in which he had been sentenced to eleven years in prison in absentia for attempting to import amphetamines worth eight million pounds (nine million euros).
Encounters at the church table
Bielefeld
What is served will remain a secret beforehand, because people should primarily come to the Vesperkirche to meet others, not because something specific is on the menu. On this Sunday, it all begins, and the Neustädter Marienkirche will become a dining hall for two weeks.
Cabaret – Stories from the Big Apple
Vince Ebert has a mission: The physicist from Unterfranken, who has been living in Vienna for three years and, according to his own statements, loves the local sense of humor, uses his cabaret programs to advocate for science. This is reflected in the programmatic title of his current solo show, "Make Science Great Again". Whether this fits well with the general skepticism towards science that is prevalent in Austria is a matter of debate. However, his humor fits perfectly with the local scene in Vienna.
The English title also derives from Eberts' recent life story, as in 2019 he tried to make a name for himself as a stand-up comedian in New York. Now he is back and he tells his German audience not only about his experiences abroad, but also explains what Wissenaft actually is and what it can do - and what it cannot do. Of course, Corona is also mentioned, as well as German thoroughness in the bathroom and American engineering skills.
And he breaks it down to the most important question that many people avoid: What is really important? All of this with a huge wink, in a calm and very ironic manner. And so, not only are people well entertained, but they can also learn something from it.
Please go for typing... it doesn't take long, it doesn't hurt and it can save many people's lives.
My phone rings with an unknown number. I answer it. This woman is the honest finder of her wallet.
The Nordcon team also writes: "In contrast to our old location, we now have very few stairs.
MdB Pfeiffer refers to climate protection as a replacement religion. This may even be true, because I love this planet and its civilization more than any abstract god.
Ten firefighters and two police officers were injured, some seriously, in the explosion.
I can dismiss it all as harmless eccentricity. One does not do such things to children.
It is fortunate that for decades the city authorities have been highlighting the advantages and have never called them into question.
Peace and security in times of change? On Monday, May 15th at 6:00 PM, the Solidarische Kirche (Solidary Church), the Friedensplenum (Peace Panel), and the ev. Stadtakademie (Evangelical City Academy) invite you to a lecture and discussion event at the Ev. Hochschule (Evangelical College) on the topic of "Peace and security in times of change?"
I really don't understand why they don't hold events like this on Sundays, or in the city.
What is the #Bahn actually doing to drive away customers and further ruin its image!?
Brilliant how well #LuisaNeubauer puts it - we need people like this. Thank you Luisa!
Microtransactions in Diablo IV: Blizzard reveals details and prices for monetization <URL> #DiabloIV #ActivisionBlizzard
Following the political crisis and new elections in 2020, politicians of all stripes are travelling to Germany together for the first time (!).
I am looking forward to seeing who I will meet and get to know there;-)
Her party colleague Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer is number eleven, as is the Ministry of Education under Anja Karliczek, who is also a CDU minister.
So that’s really nothing new, it’s like that with every electronic ticket. Check-in/check-out is a different house number.
Certainly not a reason to do anything about tax evasion, which amounts to 150 billion euros per year in Germany alone.
Is anyone playing #wortify and has found the word with all the letters today? If so, please let me know, I’m going crazy right now.
I haven't written anything for a long time, the search for a suitable job has taken up all my resources for a long time.
Dunja #Hayali will be moderating the Aktuelle Sportstudio for the last time on Saturday: <URL>
If the city sets up these bicycle routes on secondary roads, he is against it. Can't the man ever make up his mind?
Actually, I was planning to grab my camera and go for a walk. What's going on? It's raining.
After a serious accident or other traumatic event, those affected are often in shock. How can you help someone who has experienced a psychological shock?
Digital exclusion: a new form of discrimination - The full documentary
In my case: I always need a bottle of water next to my bed. If there is more in the bottle, I usually don’t drink any or only two to three sips.
This is the third nationwide warning strike: 50 railway and transportation companies want to strike again from Sunday until next Tuesday.
I only ever get #sprachnachrichten from one very good friend, and then I make myself a coffee, light a cigarette and listen - it's always very entertaining. He's the only one who's allowed to do that.
Tomorrow I can finally hand in my computer for repair, and then the outlook is quite good that I will be able to work again sometime in June. Hey, at least there is a perspective!
The plenum is called upon to follow this idea; this principle must also be anchored in the #CyberResilienceAct and the #ProductLiabilityDirective.
Disposable or reusable? The Umwelthilfe recommends reusable products, while Lidl uses a disposable system. However, other factors also come into play, such as short transportation distances.
The EPP group in the EU Parliament wants to undermine key components of the Green Deal proposed by the EU Commission, such as the pesticide regulation and the law on renaturation.
Software problems: Polestar delays production start and reduces staffing levels - <URL>
I have the day off tomorrow because there is no trailer to be lettered and not much urgent work to do. What a Friday to live up to its name!
I bought all of this from System Matters, I just prefer PDFs. Currently, I am working on the Black Sword Hack.
Dear readers, dear followers, if so, how much does it cost? Are there any special conditions? If not, is such a variant still planned? Many thanks to you all!
A new episode of Hasophonie: "The Illusion of Justice. How we do ourselves and others an injustice."
And anyone who cannot understand the panic of the people has not read enough @IPCC_CH reports.
A microphone that saves energy and is inspired by nature
A British research group is using 3D printing to develop biomimetic sound recording systems, based on the senses of the small moth.
This was preceded by heated political disputes, including those regarding Willy Brandt's (SPD) general policy towards the East.
I myself am not a big fan of elephants, but maybe there are still a few fans out there.
What I wanted to say is that I am happy to answer any question if I can do so.
10 years ago I read "Biohacking - Gentechnik aus der Garage". It's a cool and exciting book.
There are farmers in #Ukraine who own more Russian tanks.
It is a Thursday, but this time it is a regular jazz concert taking place tonight at the Jazzhaus in Heidelberg.
I want an orange network card! What color do you have or want?
The preventative medical check-up as a key indicator of the passing of time.
How detached and contemptuous of humanity can one actually be? Anyone who has a heart attack at the end of the month should stay at home until their account is back in the black or their GP is available. I am looking forward to the debate on this motion! Health Minister Lauterbach, on the other hand…
Several firefighters and police officers were seriously injured in an explosion in #Ratingen. According to the @rponline-Ticker & NRW-IM Reul, there are vague indications that the man was sympathetic to Corona deniers. He was wanted on an arrest warrant.
Specifically, we are talking about a star: the sun, its protuberances, but above all, how much of the energy that comes from it we let in and let out again, and at what level.
All jokes are made.
And we laughed a lot. The sound fades away quietly.
On the way home. The applause sounds foreign. Who exactly was being applauded? Or was it just pleasant for us?
Seeing only the others in what is said? Seeing ourselves in them...
Hmmm, before touching cyclists, one must call out "En garde" loudly and clearly.
Hello Julia, I hope you enjoyed your memorial service and the burial of your urn.
“A brief history of religion and anthropogenic climate change: from the myth of eternal carbon dioxide to how elegant theories become gospels when they threaten to fail in practical application on earth.”
The further expansion of the federal police force into an instrument of repressive isolationist policies will not be improved by a few control receipts. But there will also be, for the first time, mandatory identification and control receipts to combat racial profiling.
Sovereign Storm of Grailknights live on stage at Colos-Saal Aschaffenburg, 1 April 2023.
A new legal opinion considers chat control to be incompatible with EU fundamental values, but the Commission is still pushing ahead with it.
... and one more update, I found the email on a local notebook. The house doesn't lose anything! I can always count on my digital messaging system.
If you have enough money, you can demand this too. The economy will be pleased.
Healthy materials were used in the construction process, and attention was paid to environmentally friendly construction methods.
So, according to the current planning schedule, I will be driving an electric car, possibly, starting in September. We'll have to see how many more times the construction schedule gets pushed back until then...
Human rights organisations are now sounding the alarm: freedom of choice is in danger.
Moitzfeld: Discussion about a new Kita <URL> #radioberg #bergischesland #nachrichten #lokalnachrichten #nrw #oberberg #rheinberg #news
The Federal Public Prosecutor's Office is refusing to investigate.
Grandpa, the principle is this: what you need to remove from the ground, you put back in; what you want to put in the ground, you remove from it.
But even on the Feldberg, with just two degrees, it is not cold enough for ice. We'll just have to see how it is on Sunday at Schluchsee.
Are there any members of Generation Z here in the #Fediverse or on the instance NRW.social?
Understandable, such a spectacle of goals has not been seen here for a long time!
A few days ago I spoke with people who criticized "the political system" precisely for this reason.
Where do you want to use me so that you don't go bankrupt? What do you pay? Can I work from home? And I want a 4-day work week.
Train strike: Will I still arrive at my destination after 10 pm on Sunday? - Deutsche Bahn assumes that train service will continue until the start of the warning strike on Sunday. But what happens if travelers still haven’t arrived at their destination by then?
A lecture on hacking and pentesting hardware at the police station
I was invited to present the most important tools to the incoming police officers.
Great book: the maid, by Nita Prose. A crime novel with interesting protagonists and an unexpected perspective. Gripping until the very end.
NBA: Stephen Curry scores 27 points, Warriors beat Lakers - Highlights, Boxscore, Statistics: <URL> #basketball #nba
At Hertha, this is still uncertain; a win against the last-place team from Berlin is within reach.
Now, I have to share a nice story with you for a moment.
I absolutely did not expect to receive a paper train ticket in the mail.
The number of care workers on sick leave has risen sharply from 2021 to 2022. How is this possible? “According to data from Techniker Krankenkasse (TK), which were made available to the Evangelischer Pressedienst, the number of sick leave cases increased by 40 percent compared to 2021.
"The level of workload, particularly in nursing, is also shown by a report from the German Federation of Trade Unions (DGB).
Transgender: Does not identify with the gender assigned at birth.
The 2020 US election: still "stolen". His interviewer: "mean". One day after being convicted of sexual abuse, Donald Trump appears on CNN to answer questions from a moderator and the audience.
Budget policy: Tax revenues lower than expected
This will make the budget negotiations more difficult.
Perhaps the search engine and Google Assistant will finally understand that they do not need to show videos of cooking with meat.
A #PopClip extension that allows you to color mark text in #Obsidian... <URL>
#FAV2023 After a #Coaching session and lunch break, the #DigitalMentors continue their work
"#Batteries from discarded #ElectricCars are often still far from being depleted. In a pilot project, they are being used to store #electricity from #renewable energy sources and to balance out fluctuations in the power grid."
#Democracy has so far also generated broad prosperity. We will see what a democracy is worth if it no longer means prosperity.
Arrived at the #Amtrak station in Providence, Rhode Island.
It would be appropriate to rebuild this work of art in order to get rid of this straight line made of concrete slabs. This is something I plan to do.
Google’s rather heavy-handed demonstration of its AI capabilities <URL>
The entrance to our hotel in Argenton-sur-Creuse – it makes you want to explore the world beyond it.
I am at a loss and I notice that fear is increasing, fear that I might have something terrible brewing inside me that no one knows about.
I still have around 200 unprocessed train tickets from the last #strike.
Fairbuds XL: This is what sustainability sounds like
They are easy to repair.
Pakistan: Supreme Court orders release of Imran Khan
The lawyer for Pakistan’s former prime minister has succeeded with his appeal: Imran Khan is to be released. Thousands had protested after his arrest.
The stretch of road between Herchen and Eitorf has been reopened. The unauthorised persons on the stretch of road between Herchen and Eitorf have been apprehended.
1. Generalities
The one-man entertainment device BATTLEZONE is equipped with a Vector or X/Y monitor. This game illustrates the battle from the perspective of a tank driver. The battles take place in a wide valley completely surrounded by mountains and volcanoes. In the valley there are rock pyramids and boulders that offer the player temporary protection, as they cannot be destroyed by enemy fire.
The opponents are represented by slow-moving tracked vehicles and fast super tanks, as well as agile missiles that become increasingly difficult to hit during the extended gameplay. In addition, UFOs appear at periodic intervals. These cannot attack the player's tank, but the player can earn a high score by hitting a UFO. The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) different operating modes: the attraction mode, the game introduction mode, the game mode, the initialization input for maximum results, and the self-test mode. The latter mode represents a special sequence for checking the control elements and computer functions.
4. Course of the game
The game is triggered when the push-button switch START is activated. The LED switch remains illuminated and the game sounds can be heard. If the last player's tank is eliminated by the enemy attacker, the game is over. The game begins with tanks moving slowly, which appear on the screen. The player can determine the position of the enemy tanks or rockets by paying attention to the text displayed in the upper left corner of the cockpit's information display. An example of a message that may appear is: ENEMY FROM THE RIGHT. Additionally, a point is visible on the wide-range radar screen, accompanied by a sonar BLIP sound, which represents the enemy position.
The upper, conical area on the radar screen represents the player's field of vision on the screen below it. If the opponent is in this area, they can be easily targeted on the screen. Additionally, the message "OPPONENT IN FIRE AREA" is displayed in the upper left-hand corner of the screen.
For a limited time, UFOs appear on the screen, flying over the battlefield. These are harmless flying objects that observe the battle and cannot eliminate either the enemy or the player’s tank. The flight position of the UFOs cannot be detected by radar. The UFOs are intended to add to the gameplay and distract the player, as they usually appear at the same time as enemy tanks or rockets. UFOs can be eliminated by both the player’s tank and the enemy’s tank. A successful hit by the player earns 5,000 points. If the player hits an enemy, the following points are earned: 1,000 points for a slow-moving tank, 2,000 points for a rocket, and 3,000 points for a supertank. A supertank moves and turns twice as fast as the player’s tank or a slow-moving enemy tank. The game designer has several options to choose from to set the gameplay to include 2, 3, 4, or even 5 tanks. Additionally, after reaching certain point values, a bonus tank can be unlocked and the appearance of the rocket can be varied for a more challenging gameplay experience. Details and the exact switch positions for these settings can be found in the illustration.
5. Initial input for best results
If a player exceeds the minimum score in the High Score Table, he or she may enter three (3) personal initials into the table after the game has ended. The instructions for doing so are self-explanatory and can be displayed in four languages. It should be noted that when a self-test is initiated, the RESET button is pressed on the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PCB, or when there is a power outage, the High Score Table is deleted. When deleted (RESET), the ten (10) highest point scores with their initials are retained and re-displayed on the screen in order to challenge further players. Any point score above 100,000 is additionally marked with a tank symbol, followed by the initials of the player. If a player does not enter their initials within 60 seconds, the computer will automatically enter dashes. After this, the device will switch back to the attraction gameplay. CONFIGURATION
1. New parts
The BATTLEZONE device has five (5) new components. If you already have experience with ATARI video devices, you should take note of these important differences. The new parts are: A. The control lever. This is a redesign of the ATARI control lever. It has been reinforced with additional ribs in the inner and outer housing parts, making this assembly unit more stable and ensuring proper functioning of the switch contacts. Another modification is the rubber centering bumper, which acts like a centering spring to always return the control lever to the center position. The micro switches are now attached with self-locking nuts for easier replacement. B. Two PC boards. ATARI'S X/Y game circuit has been expanded to two interconnected boards. These are the analog vector generator board and the auxiliary board. With the help of this circuit technology, more lines are generated on the screen at a higher speed, resulting in a smooth and steady image. C. The power supply unit. The BATTLEZONE device is equipped with a newly designed power supply unit. It has a larger, more powerful transformer to cover the increased energy supply resulting from the expansion of the circuit. D. The device housing. Due to the new design, it was now possible to install a new cash box with a larger coin acceptance capacity. Furthermore, the device contains a console that is intended as a podium for smaller players, making it easier to play. At the same time, this console ensures maximum device stability in the installation location.
These new components, as well as all other main assemblies of this device, are depicted in Image 1. If any of these new parts are mentioned in the manual, you will find this symbol. 2. Device inspection
After removing the packaging, this new entertainment device is ready to use. However, you should still perform a certain amount of quality control checks to ensure that the device has been delivered to you in good condition. The following checks should be performed: NOTE: Do not connect the device to the 220 V network yet. A. Examine the exterior of the housing for any signs of damage. B. Open the maintenance flap of the device and check the components inside the device as follows: (1) Check all cable connectors for proper and secure connections. If necessary, connect any loose or open connectors together.
NOTE: Never force plug connections. The plugs are provided with positive alignment so that a correct connection is made. A plug connection rotated 180 degrees will destroy the PCB.
(2) Check the plug connections to the game PC board for proper and secure fit. (3) Check the production number of the device on the nameplate on the back of the device. Verify that the stamped production number matches the production numbers of the Battlezone Analog Vector Generator PC board, auxiliary PC board, controller/audio II PC board, and the TV monitor. An image of the location of the production number can be found on the back cover of this manual. This number should always be provided when calling your service provider for further service information. (4) Check all other main components, such as the power supply, control console, and TV monitor for proper installation. (5) Finally, the device must be supplied with mains power and turned on. Check that the radar screen is located in the bright, orange-circled opening in the cover by looking through the player’s viewing window. If the opening is not centered precisely, the cover, which is attached to the housing with adhesive tape, must be removed and repositioned. Before connecting the device to the mains power supply, ensure that the voltage selector plug on the power supply unit 1 (see figure 3) matches the local mains voltage. Check the color of the cable on the plug and verify the connection values as listed below:
ARE YOU HAVING PROBLEMS WITH YOUR SOFTWARE? Here are a number of tips that can help you solve most problems related to current DirectX games. Check your system configuration
Please take the time to check if your system meets the requirements listed on the packaging. The DirectX diagnostic tool can help you get an overview of your system if you are unsure if your PC meets the requirements. To call up the DirectX diagnostic tool, follow these steps: click on the “Start” button and select the “Run” option. Enter “dxdiag” in the text field. The user interface of the DirectX diagnostic tool will now be displayed. Here you have access to all relevant system details, including information about your graphics and sound card. You can check, among other things, if graphics and sound are working correctly by clicking on the corresponding buttons to test DirectDraw, Direct3D, and DirectSound. Note: if you do not have advanced computer knowledge, we would advise against changing any of the options in the DirectX diagnostic tool. Before starting the game
It can happen that other programs are using up system resources that the game needs to run smoothly. Not all of these programs are obviously active, and many of them start automatically when the system is booted up. Programs that are constantly active on your system are called “background applications”. In some cases, they can be the cause of your program hanging or crashing. Therefore, we recommend that you close or deactivate these background applications before starting the game. To do this, look for the program’s icon in the Windows taskbar, right-click on the icon and select the appropriate option (“Deactivate”, “Close”, or similar). Once you have deactivated the antivirus and crash guard programs, you should also close all general background applications, as they can sometimes cause problems when installing or running a PC game. You can read more about this in the section “How to close all unnecessary background applications”. Cleaning up the system
Before installing any software, you need to ensure that your hard drive is functioning optimally. Therefore, make it a habit to regularly “clean up” your PC. The tools you need for this are included with Windows: use ScanDisk, Defragmentation, and Disk Cleanup to ensure everything runs smoothly. In this way, you are more likely to have current games running on your PC without any major problems. A “clean” system also has the advantage of working much more efficiently, which means other applications you use will run faster and more stably. Consult the Windows Help files to learn more about the ScanDisk, Check Disk, Defragmentation, and Disk Cleanup tools.
1. Click the “Start” button and select the “Help” (or “Help and Support”) option to access the Windows Help. 2. Now click in the search field and enter the appropriate keyword, such as “ScanDisk” (Win 98/ME), “Check Disk” (Win 2000/XP), “Defragmentation” and “Disk Cleanup”. You will then receive instructions explaining how to use these tools.
Does the game crash or hang?
When playing games that use the latest version of DirectX, you should make sure you have the latest drivers for your graphics card. This can often prevent a game from crashing or hanging. First, you should try downloading the latest drivers from the website of the manufacturer of your graphics card. Here are the latest graphics card manufacturers:
How to end all unnecessary background applications
Important note: After finishing the game, you should reactivate the background applications by restarting your PC. This will automatically reactivate all background applications that you have ended. Windows 98/ME
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The window “Close application” will now appear, listing all background applications currently running on your system. 2. To end a background application, click on the entry in the task list and then on the “End task” button. Note: Do not end the Explorer or Systray background applications, as they are required for Windows to run. You can safely end all other background applications. 3. The window will now close and the task will be ended. Repeat the above steps to end all other background applications (except for Explorer and Systray). Windows 2000/XP Professional
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The Windows Security dialog box will now appear. 2. Click on “Task Manager” to open the Windows Task Manager. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click on the “End Task” button. Note: Depending on your system settings, it is possible that pressing STRG, ALT, and ENTF will not display the Windows Security dialog box, but instead will immediately open the Windows Task Manager. Windows XP Home
1. Hold down the STRG and ALT keys on your keyboard and then press ENTF. The Windows task manager will now be displayed. 2. To end a background application, switch to the “Applications” tab, click on the corresponding entry in the task list and then click the “End task” button. Before you call the hotline
If you wish to call, you should sit at your PC and have the following information ready (see section “Checking the system configuration”). Also, be sure to have some notes prepared: - PC brand and model - Processor type - Operating system including version number (e.g. Windows® 98; Windows® Me) - RAM (working memory) - Information about graphics and sound card and drivers
INTRODUCTIONAL REMARKS ON DRIVING ABILITY
The desire to develop video games was sparked in me by the advent of 3D real-time technology, which suddenly opened up a multitude of new possibilities and appeared to me as a new means of expression, with which one could push the limits of the world. It represented an opportunity to explore new horizons. I felt like a cinematic pioneer at the beginning of the 20th century: on the one hand, I struggled with the still immature technology, but on the other hand, I was aware that there was still so much to discover – particularly a new language that was both narrative and visual. To be honest, the next ten years did not satisfy my hunger. I had the dull feeling that video games only utilized a tiny fraction of their amazing creative potential, because they were too focused on “action” and forgot about one fundamental element of the human experience: emotions. In the meantime, technology continued to make rapid progress. Fahrenheit represents my contribution towards making video games a true means of conveying emotions. Although this could have happened in a completely different form, Fahrenheit’s greatest achievement is the fact that it raises real questions and offers concrete answers. Fahrenheit is proof that it is possible to create an interactive gaming experience that is not based solely on fighting off monsters in dark corridors and collecting ammunition, but rather possesses much more demanding and profound content. It is proof that one can tell a story and offer game content without having to sacrifice either the narrative or the interactive elements. I hope that both hardcore gamers and casual players will enjoy this new gaming experience. If you are skeptical about video games, I hope that Fahrenheit will help change your mindset in this regard. I hope that other developers will feel the desire to follow this new creative path and enrich it with their own inspiration, talent, and ambition. Interactivity is still in its infancy and offers the chance to discover everything anew. Over the past two years, Fahrenheit has filled a large part of our lives and represented an unforgettable interpersonal and intellectual adventure for the entire Quantic Dream team, during which we were constantly forced to question many of the previously unquestionable principles. I would be happy if Fahrenheit – similarly to books, films, and songs that have left a lasting impression on you – also leaves its mark on you in a way that is not entirely forgettable. David Cage
THE README FILE
The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM contains a ReadMe file where you can view the license agreement and updated information about the game. We recommend that you take a look at this file so that you are aware of any changes that have been made since this manual was printed. To view the file, double-click on it in the Fahrenheit folder on your hard drive (normally C:\Programme\Atari\Fahrenheit). You can also access the ReadMe file by first clicking on the Start button on the Windows® taskbar, then selecting "Programs", "Atari", "Fahrenheit", and finally selecting the ReadMe file.
SETUP AND INSTALLATION
1. Start Windows® 2000/XP. 2. Insert the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM into the DVD-ROM drive. 3. If the “AutoPlay” option is activated, the title screen should appear. If “AutoPlay” is not activated or the installation does not start automatically, click on the Start button on the Windows® taskbar and then on “Run”. Enter D:\Setup and then click on “OK”. Note: If your DVD-ROM drive is assigned a letter other than “D”, use that letter instead. 4. Follow the instructions on the screen to complete the installation of the Fahrenheit DVD-ROM. 5. Once the installation is complete, click on the Start button on the Windows® taskbar and select Programs/Atari/Fahrenheit/Fahrenheit to start the game. Note: The Fahrenheit DVD-ROM must be in the DVD-ROM drive in order for you to play.
This SERVICE MANUAL is intended to familiarize you with the setup and maintenance of the QIX television entertainment machine. The front pages describe the gameplay, in addition to important instructions for setup and maintenance. The subsequent service tips assume a general knowledge of microprocessors, TTL circuits, and television monitors. No repair of the electronic components should be attempted without knowledge in these areas. The manual concludes with the electrical diagrams. We ask that you carefully review the instructions in this manual to ensure satisfactory operation of the machine.
The information and illustrations contained in this SERVICE MANUAL correspond to the state of the art at the time of printing. CHANGES DUE TO TECHNICAL ADVANCEMENTS ARE RESERVED, HOWEVER, NO GUARANTEE IS MADE! Please take this into account when setting up the equipment.
Transport damage
If external transport damage is apparent, it must be immediately reported, noted on a delivery receipt and confirmed by the delivery agent (courier service, Deutsche Bahn, etc.). The manufacturer is not liable for transport damage! Voltage supply
The device is set up for the mains voltage indicated on the nameplate. For other mains voltages, the device transformer and the monitor transformer must be switched. According to VDE regulations, the device is equipped with a protective grounding connection and is intended for use in dry rooms only. For the coin mechanism to operate correctly, the device must be placed on a level surface with the weights and plugs facing the right direction. SERVICE TIPS
IMPORTANT! If at any time an incomprehensible display appears on the monitor, please turn the unit off (unplug the power cord) and back on again. If the unit still does not work properly after this, it will require repair.
Before repair, unplug the power cord! When monitoring and testing: do not touch voltage-carrying parts! Even when the device is turned off, the monitor can still carry dangerous voltage. CAUTION, HIGH VOLTAGE! There are approximately 20,000 volts at the anode connection of the picture tube. Replace fuses only with fuses of the same rating! A blown fuse indicates overloading of a component. If a higher-rated fuse is replaced, serious damage can be caused. Replace components only with original replacement parts. Never remove printed circuits/connections when the device is turned on. SERVICE MANUAL QIX
Course of the game
The game is started for one or two players (with a minimum credit of 2) by pressing the corresponding start button. The objective is to gain as much territory as possible without crossing the path of the rotating QIX or hitting the wandering SPARX. The game is set up so that a minimum amount of territory must be covered before the next round can begin. The timing of the SPARX is indicated at the top of the screen by red timing lines. When the red lines intersect, additional SPARX are released. When an alarm is triggered, the SPARX become SUPER-SPARX and more aggressive. If your marking symbol gets caught in the death spiral while you are trying to draw your territory, it will be destroyed, as you cannot cross your own path or go back. If you hesitate and do not complete your territory, a fuse is lit and your marking symbol is destroyed. Two speed settings are available. At a slower drawing speed, the points are doubled. After opening the control panel, the 4 programming and test switches are accessible.
The QIX game is capable of self-testing, providing data and demonstrating that circuits and controls are functioning correctly. For more information, see "Service Program." The volume can be adjusted using the volume control (VOLUME) on the data/sound PC board.
Programming and test switch: SUB-TEST
Function: Jump to the next line of text
Programming and test switch: TEST
Function: Advance to the next program step (display)
Programming and test switch: Up
Function: reset to factory settings (until the inscription turns green), increment by 1 step (when the inscription lights up green) Programming and test switch: Down
Function: Countdown by 1 step
It is possible to install a coin counter in the device. A line for 412 V DC power. A line for connection J 15 - 13 on the ROM/IC board.
SERVICE PROGRAMME
In general, the 4 switches located in the device, the self-test button, and the LEDs on the video PC board are used for programming and testing purposes.
Programming display. This display is used to select the language (English, French, Spanish, German) with which the address programming and the game operate. The "Sub-Test" switch can be used to set the languages. If the desired language appears in green, press the "Test" switch to switch to the next program display. Use display: This display can be used to determine the level of difficulty for the game and can also be used to set a "maximum number of credits" that can be used before the game begins. The text to be changed is set by pressing the "Sub-Test" switch (appears in green), the value for the desired line is programmed using the "Up" or "Down" switch. By pressing the "Sub-Test" switch multiple times, the factory or default setting can be reached when the bottom line (RESET line) appears in green; press the "Up" switch. The values are reset, the pointer (also called the green line) jumps to the first line, and further programming can take place. "Test" always triggers the next program display. "Back" [Reserve High Score Value x 10,000) is used to transfer the high score points to the next program display until "High Score Points So Far". This value determines the required number of points/shots that a player needs in order for their initials (name) and the score points to be entered onto the screen. The "Maximum Number of Credits" determines a coin acceptance limit for the device. If this limit is exceeded, coin acceptance is blocked (if a coin lock is present). This can be used to set a limited number of games for a player. This value ranges from 1 - 99. It should not be set so close to 99 that, when adding 99, the credits cannot be reduced to zero. A free play mode can be selected by setting "Maximum Credits" to O. Additional programming: "Number of Games": number of marking symbols per credit
"Threshold": the percentage level that must be reached in order to switch to the next round.
"Time limit": approval for additional Sparx products
"Difficulty": Degree of difficulty in the gameplay
"Anziehton": no tone at "0" in steady state operation
with "1" tone, also in stationary operation (chime tone): "table model": with "0" stationary device
for "1" table device
The credits per coin are set on the "insert slot programming" display. High score program display (highest score achieved so far"). The points and initials of the player, including the next 10 point numbers, appear on the screen. These values are used to set the high score, which was selected on the previous display (setting "back"). By pressing the "up" button, the initials QIX Standard are set. By pressing the "test" button, the next program display appears. The "total summary". By pressing the "up" button, it can be set to 0. The following values are recorded: total credit: the number of credits paid. The total number cannot be set to 0. If 1,000,000 is reached, the count starts over. The total number can only appear on 0 if the battery or the W1 connector is removed, with the device turned off. Left coin slot: the number of coins inserted in the left coin slot. Middle coin slot: (not available) Right coin slot: the number of coins inserted in the right coin slot. Credits paid: the number of credits given for coins inserted (coins turned over). Credits granted: the number of credits given by the device. % Free games: credits granted (paid + granted credits per 100) Minutes played: the number of minutes played. Minutes won: the number of minutes extended or won. % Free time: minutes won/minutes played per 100. Average game duration in seconds: minutes played/credits paid + granted.
High Score: The number of times a player has achieved a high enough score to displace other players from the high score list. The values are reset to 0 by pressing the "Up" button. Pressing the "Test" button displays the next program display.
Coin slot programming/normal coin setting. This display allows the operator to select a standard coin setting or program another setting.
If a default setting is provided, the programming is selected by pressing the "Up" and "Down" buttons, while the top digit lights up green on the screen. The size values change with the change in the digit. When the correct setting is reached by pressing the "Test" button, the setting is adopted. If a setting is desired that does not correspond to the default setting, the values can be set by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. After a single press, the top setting digit is set to 0, which means that a custom setting is possible. Since the lower values are unchanged, the programmer can reduce his setting efforts by selecting a setting that is close to his desired values and only changing the values that are not appropriate. Once the setting is made, any new setting value can be selected by pressing the "Sub-Test" button. If an unwanted press occurs, the default setting appears. The "Up" and "Down" buttons can be used to increase or decrease the values. The process is ended by pressing the "Test" button. The "Münzeinheit" (coin unit) value indicates how many coin units are given for each coin inserted through an assigned slot. "Kredit" (credit) shows the number of units required before a credit is issued. "Bonus" coin units show the units required before a bonus credit is issued. "Min.-Münze" is a value that accumulates credits until a specified minimum amount of coins is reached. In the default setting, this value is not used ("0"). CMOS MEMORY FAILURE
If "Memory Failure - Service Required" appears on the display, the CMOS RAM, in which all programming is stored, has failed. All values stored in the RAM are reset to the factory default settings. This condition indicates probable battery failure or malfunction.
ERROR CHECKING and SETTINGS
Start the testing method. Press the "Sub-Test" switch or the "Self-Test" button (SW 1 near the LED display). All LEDs should light up and the hardware test can begin. The tests and settings can be entered according to the respective program display. Pressing the "Test" button will display the next program. If a continuous test of the video board is desired, the "Self-Test" button must be pressed twice in order for the video test to begin in the auto test mode. With this program, the device will continuously perform the hardware test until it is turned off. If the display reads "Open Coin Door to Test", the program connector J 19, 1 - 2 must be inserted. With the J 19 connector removed, the memory is protected and the CMOS RAM test video cannot be performed. Hardware tests: These tests are performed as follows: O = off / I = on / X = test results
The ROM checksum calculates the checksum of each video ROM and compares it with the checksum stored for that ROM. If there is a difference, the device stops and the value of the ROM with the incorrect checksum appears on the LEDs. If the checksum ROM is faulty, U 10 is displayed first. If this test is not successful, the next ROM displayed on the LED display must be replaced. The E-PROM memory in a given game can be introduced as a series of either 2716 or 2732 E-PROMs. The E-PROM type for each series is selected by the decoding plug (26-00002-016 for 2716 or 26-00002-032 for 2732). Communications RAM from the video board
The Communications RAM test determines the functional reliability of the memory, which is shared by two processors, by storing predetermined series of numbers in the RAM and then checking whether the storage was correct. LED value: 00 0010. If the device with the above-mentioned display fails, an error has been detected. If the Communications RAM fails during the video board test, the error may be due to faulty wiring (RAM) or errors in the data board. To locate the error, remove the data board from P 6 and repeat the test. A failure indicates an error in U 3, U 4, or the power circuits associated with them.
Video Board CMOS RAM
After values have been written to another part of the memory, the CMOS RAM is tested in the same way as the Communications RAM. If the test is passed, all memory locations are set to their previous value. LED value: 00 0011. If the device continues to display the above message, there is a fault. In this case, check U 85 and U 86 and the associated circuits or decoding.
Check the video board color RAM by storing predetermined number sequences in the color RAM. These number sequences will be checked for correctness when read back. LED value: 00 0100. If this value is displayed, there is a fault. Check U56, U57, and the multiplexers and decoders connected thereto.
Video board (display RAM). The display RAM is checked by writing a pattern on each side. The results of these writes are compared to the original pattern. Any discrepancies cause the program to halt and the LEDs indicate the faulty RAM. If a display RAM fails, identify the problem and replace the RAM. If this fault diagnosis does not indicate a RAM failure (00 0101 on LEDs), it indicates that the next test is being performed (data hardware). The connection to the data processor must be present and functional.
Unfortunately disappointing.
The jacket arrived after 2 days with AMAZON logistics. This is also the reason for the first star. The second star is for the fact that the correct jacket arrived without any noticeable sewing errors. BUT I was probably too excited about this jacket, because the disappointment was all the greater. I had oriented myself based on other reviews and ordered the jacket in size L. Since it was supposed to fit so tightly and I didn’t want to fight with a size S or M… In the end, it would have fit in terms of length and at the hips… The rest of it didn’t fit me at all. Additionally, the material of the lining was already visible when opening the package and was spread out everywhere. Simply a shame… It will be sent back:/
Fast shipping and good workmanship
The jacket looks great and we were surprised by the good workmanship. You can wear it on both sides. We ordered it for our daughter and she is thrilled with it. She usually wears a size 158 and the size 36 fits her perfectly in this case and will probably still be worn next year. We can definitely recommend making a purchase.
Robust quality
I decided to go for the rubber pad c because I always work with wood on the car jack and this is not ideal. Unfortunately, I misjudged the size and the pad does not fit perfectly. But this was my mistake. I then made some slight modifications so that it would fit. The pad feels very robust and you no longer damage the edges. You can use the groove or the entire surface. It worked without any problems. It no longer shifts around. I would definitely buy it again.
Unfortunately too big for children under 1 year old
The product itself is quite good, but not for children under a year old. The surface area for chewing is simply too large for their small mouths. We bought it when our son was 7 months old and he couldn't use it due to its size. Now that he is 12 months old, we have bought it again and he can use it. He hasn't been able to chew anything with his few existing teeth, and if it's in the fridge, it really calms him down.
Quality is not sufficient / Unfortunately declining
I must admit that I was blinded by the overly enthusiastic reviews. I should preface this by saying that I already own two Lowepro backpacks, one very large for storing equipment and one quite small for everyday essentials that you might want to take with you. However, since I recently purchased the Sigma 70-200 2.8 lens, my small Lowepro backpack is now too small and I need a replacement. I purchased this backpack during Prime Day for a very reasonable price (just under 29 EUR) and was actually quite happy with my purchase after having read many of the reviews beforehand. However, when the backpack arrived yesterday, I was disappointed: for under 30 EUR, it’s not bad, but it can’t really compete with the well-known products that are sold at much higher prices... People, this simply isn’t true! I had really hoped it was, but that can’t be the case. The padded walls are much thinner and offer less protection than my Lowepro backpack. The dividers inside are of a different quality, much flimsier. Overall, the feel of this backpack is not comparable to my Lowepro backpack. The zippers for closing the bag and the materials of the pockets for small items are not particularly high quality either. Therefore, I have decided that this backpack will be returned. If I am purchasing equipment worth many thousands of EUR, then I must also invest in a good backpack. It seems that quality does indeed come at a price. For someone who does not want to spend much money, this backpack is probably a good choice, but not for me. And it’s not that I found it difficult to make this decision. After I opened the backpack, I knew after just two minutes that it would be returned. What I did like was the color inside the backpack, which makes it much easier to find your things than with a gray interior. For someone who has different requirements for a backpack, this backpack is probably a great choice, but mine will be going back.
Unfortunately disappointed by the third part
Up until now, I had thought that the E. L. Todd series on electricity was the best, but my opinion changed with this book. I found the first two books to be very strong and recommended, and I was really looking forward to the third part. In this part, the story is all about Volt's and Taylor's feelings, and I found it unnecessary to drag it out. Taylor has been swooning over Volt for so long, finally confesses everything to him, and then acts like a child every time they argue and runs away?! At the same time, there were inconsistencies in the story, in my opinion, because at the end of the second part, Volt still tries to convince Taylor's ex that Taylor will stand by him and not believe him when he says that Taylor will stand by him and tries to convince the ex that Taylor cannot live without him and that he has heard it from Taylor himself. But at the beginning of the third part, it seems like Volt has forgotten all of this and is fighting for Taylor. I had hoped that this would be the last part of the series and think that this part is the weakest and also quite unnecessary. I will still read the fourth part, however, and hope that it finally reveals that Taylor's girlfriend Sarah is Volt's ex-girlfriend, which would add more tension to the story.
People destroy everything, they don’t know how to appreciate anything and they don’t learn how to do so! First of all: the film is not that bad, as many people write. Of course, the story is totally contrived and follows the same pattern over and over again. If you’ve seen the beginning, you know how the end will be. And the message is always the same: people destroy everything, they don’t know how to appreciate anything, and they don’t learn how to do so! And that is exactly what the film wants to tell us! How many times did I think to myself while watching the film (even though I know it’s just a movie and the animals come from a computer): “Oh my god, the poor animals, it often makes me tear up. Therefore, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is really well made. It’s just a shame that people don’t understand the message behind the film, even though it’s a mainstream film. We consistently destroy the environment and the animals, and ultimately our planet, out of greed and stupidity and arrogance! There is no empathy for the environment and living beings: nowhere to be seen. 4 stars, because the film is well made, but unfortunately always follows the same principle, otherwise 5 stars would have been deserved. Nevertheless, it’s well-made popcorn cinema.
A quiet, sensitive film.
Some people are expecting an 8 Mile-style film here. This film is not a Hollywood blockbuster and does not want to be one. Above all, this film is "French"; moreover, it is quiet, sensitive, empathetic, authentic, and will make you cry if you allow yourself to be drawn in and do not expect anything from it that it does not want to be.
Problematic.
Taste like Quench from the 90s, whatever that means, but that doesn’t matter. Taking a pack every morning for 5 days: nothing has changed, but not a thing. My waistline has grown by 12 cm! Bloating like never before! Then diarrhea 5-8 times a day. Not very helpful, unfortunately the diarrhea has been persistent for 1 week even after immediately stopping the medication. It should be noted that only 2 stars were given for the smaller package size (unfortunately only noticed too late), but the full 5 stars for the larger package size. This is very strange!
Terrible smell and poor results! I dyed my blonde hair into a chocolate brown shade in October with an intense dye. In February/March I used this hair color remover. I used the product twice. The first time I immediately noticed that it stinks terribly! However, the results were not all that bad, it came out looking more like chestnut brown (a bit darker). Since I didn't achieve my desired result, I used it one more time, as the instructions also suggest for unsatisfactory results. This time it was a complete waste of time! It made no difference, my hair looked the same as the first time. What was even worse, it continued to smell for weeks after use... No matter how many times I washed my hair, the smell just wouldn't go away.
Highly recommended.
I have been taking the tablets for a long time now, always one tablet every 5 days. My vitamin levels have been low for a long time due to my job, lack of exercise, and a prolonged illness. I wanted to give my immune system a boost not only through healthy eating, but also by taking vitamin D3 and K2. This is working out very well. I feel fitter and much better overall. I sleep better and wake up feeling more refreshed. The price is also great, considering how long you can take these tablets. Highly recommended.
The function is not entirely flawless!! After using the battery case for 3 months, I have discovered the following major issues which I find very annoying: 1) Over time, the case has trouble "connecting" with the phone, meaning that charging no longer occurs even though the "Power On/Off" button has been pressed for 3 seconds. When the phone is removed from the case and reinserted, the problem is solved in 70% of cases, but this creates a new issue. 2) Frequent removal and reinsertion of the phone into the case has caused the cover to become so worn that it now detaches from the case on its own, which is why I have almost lost it several times. While these are not many major issues, I believe that a case with a battery should function perfectly in terms of its function, which is why I am very disappointed with this product, especially considering that I have only been using it for 3 months and for the cost of 30€.
Viei is too expensive, too thin and disappointing
I don't know how these good reviews came about. In the end, it's basically just a glasses cleaning cloth that you can get as a gift from any optician in a slightly smaller size. The cleaning effect is about as good as with a kitchen towel and not better. I had expected much more from these cloths. They are also very thin, which is a disappointment because I can't return them. I am disappointed and can't recommend them. The price for these cloths is far too high. More than 2 euros should not be paid for them.
I doubt the frequency response
I bought this speaker for the shower after my smaller, free speaker that I received as a promotional gift unfortunately broke. Overall, the Onforu speaker works great, is waterproof (I accidentally dropped it into the shower), gives a good bass sound, the Bluetooth function works great... Of course, the suction cup needs to be moistened or else it will come off... It can play sound very loudly... What I see as a critical point is the frequency response of this small speaker. As I said, bass is played back as bass and not converted into a higher frequency. However, this causes a problem. Some frequencies are played back very loudly while others remain very quiet. While some frequencies of the singing are almost painful to hear, higher and lower frequencies are just barely audible. My old speaker did not play bass very well, but the frequencies were represented in terms of volume quite naturally. With the Onforu, this is unfortunately not really the case, which I find a bit annoying. Therefore, I have to take off a star. I expected more from the frequency response.
very poor
In a few places the paint had chipped off and if you walked over it with your hand, the paint would come off in those places too. We wanted to have them pick up the product for free because we didn't want to keep it anymore, but unfortunately only at our expense. They would only replace the damaged parts, but as if both pieces of furniture were damaged. Poor service from the manufacturer Amazon handled everything for us and refunded us the money. A big thumbs up to Amazon!
It is better to spend a little more money.
The price is relatively low, which is reflected in the quality. The product is delivered as individual parts that need to be glued together oneself. The product was packaged in a simple envelope made of thin cardboard, without any additional protection. Since the postal worker stuffed the product right into my mailbox, a few templates were damaged. I did not complain, as I needed this product urgently. The glue that was included barely holds anything together, but it does stick well – like chewing gum that doesn’t harden. Almost half of the templates fell off the wooden sticks just one day after gluing them. Since the glue does not dry out (at least it was still not dry five days after gluing), one has to be very careful not to glue everything together. Some of the templates are partially incomplete. This product is okay for a one-time use as a gag for a party, but I would invest more money and choose a higher quality product for a wedding.
I am not dissatisfied. The cabinet looks good and is easy to assemble, even if the instructions are not very clear. + magnetic locking system + nice appearance + stable when assembled + shelf can be positioned as desired
- Doors slamming shut due to magnets (this can perhaps be compensated for with rubber stops) – some unsightly spots
- the included dowels are much too small and wobbly (I didn’t have any others and I didn’t have a trophy at home, so I glued them in place with craft glue) – the holders for the shelf are a bit wobbly (I wrapped them in paper and adjusted them) Conclusion: If it didn’t look so good and if it didn’t have such good measurements, I would give it fewer stars, as you have to make everything fit perfectly in order to be truly satisfied. Additionally, I find it a bit too expensive for what it is.
The coffee tastes good to me...but
...there are only 3 stars. The taste is subjectively good, but in my opinion the original capsules are better (but also significantly more expensive). In this regard, I would have given 5 stars. Unfortunately, the coffee does not run through evenly (if at all!). The additional plastic waste (individually packaged, see photo) means a deduction of one star in my opinion. I hope the manufacturer will change this and soon receive a full score.
It's set for the alarm clock.
The alarm clock arrived quickly and is easy to set up. However, the natural sounds are horribly loud and cannot be adjusted. I also couldn’t make them any quieter, which is probably due to a defect. Even the quietest radio setting was too loud for me, as I would immediately fall out of bed. Additionally, the darkest display setting is so bright that I could cast shadows on the wall with my hand. I would always wake up when I turned my face towards the alarm clock, thinking it was already morning. However, when it actually was time to wake up and the sunrise simulation started, it was suddenly too bright for me. I liked the colors and the color changes, but unfortunately, the colored light cannot be dimmed. I also appreciated that it has a battery, so that if there is a power outage, the clock and the wake-up time do not need to be re-entered. However, I returned it for the reasons mentioned above.
Lighting is great, processing is inadequate
I replaced four light bulbs in my house with these lamps. Unfortunately, I could only replace four, as the other two were delivered without a socket - instead, a circuit board is smiling at me at this point... There was nothing in the box either. "Buy 6, get 4 free" is not a good deal. Amazon would certainly have resolved this issue quickly and kindly, but I only realized this after the return deadline had passed. While I acknowledge this as my mistake and am living with it, it is still not a good indication of the quality of these light bulbs - this is the only reason for the two-star deduction so far. The light itself is great. The rooms are now very brightly and evenly lit. The light color is more on the cold white side. Perfect for hallways, offices, workshops, laundry rooms, etc. For living rooms, I personally would opt for warmer light. Comparable to a good old 100 watt bulb. Other lamps may also offer this option, and I may receive intact lamps that match my order. If my review is helpful to anyone, I would be happy about a positive rating. I try to answer questions quickly.
Tolle
I have received gestures and I would like to share my first impression. Yes, it is positive. I have been hesitating whether to order this set or not. **The material is stable and feels good in the hand. ** All the utensils have a hole at the handle to be able to hang them up. ** The soft silicone does not scratch expensive cookware and pots and is especially practical to use on pans with a coating. ** They are heat-resistant and can be used up to 440 ℉. ** They also do not transfer heat and can therefore be touched directly. ** The dishwasher sometimes leaves water stains on the black silicone, but they disappear quickly after wiping. In the end, I have to say that I am very surprised and I can only recommend them.
Selling new goods as used goods.
Amazon Prime shipping is great. Delivery within 24 hours. Then the shock when unpacking the faucet and inspecting all the parts. We found out that the part had already been installed before. We had to inspect the mounting parts and found significant scratches and scuffs. The screw connections/hoses were all damaged. Despite this, we installed the part in the sink (unfortunately). Only now did we see that the chrome-plated faucet itself also had scratches and streaks. This part had probably already been delivered and then returned. We are keeping this faucet and installing it in the sink in the basement because it doesn’t matter how it looks. Our conclusion: we will never order such products through Amazon again, but instead will spend a little more at the hardware store where we can get decent products. We find it simply sad that customers are being ripped off like this!
The product itself is great, but the external sensor unfortunately broke after just 6 months.
In principle, I am very satisfied with this product. The installation was very easy, and the radio range is also very good, with no problems whatsoever with the transmission from inside to outside. I also find the design of the device attractive. It is very simple and can be mounted on the wall or placed like a small picture frame. The only annoying thing is that after about six months of use, the device that measures the values outside seems to be broken. The thermometer still seems intact, however, and still displays plausible values. The hygrometer, on the other hand, seems to be broken, as it always displays completely astronomical values for the humidity in the outside air. This is very unfortunate, as the device was mounted outside in a protected location, and is the reason why I am giving this product only two stars.
Strong mower with a weak catching basket
Apart from the fact that the first delivery attempt is still merrily making its way through the country with Hermes, without finding its way to me or back to Amazon, the service provided by Amazon in initiating a replacement delivery was as always excellent. The lawnmower arrived quickly and made a good impression. The motor is strong and the cut is beautiful. The noise level is not particularly low, but it is acceptable. The major flaw, unfortunately, is the collection bag. Firstly, it is made of hard plastic at the top and bottom, with fabric in between. If you just set it down for a short time when it is even half full, it will naturally become compressed and parts of the contents will fall out. Worse, however, is that the practical fill-level indicator shows red as soon as the bag is half full. This would not be so bad if the mower did not start losing large parts of the cut grass from that point onwards. Emptying the bag whenever it is only half full on a large lawn area is not a viable solution. Therefore, I cleaned the device as thoroughly as possible and sent it back. Conclusion: Overall, this is a very good lawnmower, but due to the unfortunate design of the collection bag, it is useless for me.
A good device for monitoring purposes.
I have two of these devices. The device can be easily integrated via the app. The supplied, detachable sensor cable is very useful and can be extended as needed. The device is solidly built. Room temperature and humidity are displayed, but to conserve battery power, this is only done once to three times a day (adjustable) in the app. For the following reasons, I am giving this device only 4 stars: - The soft back of the device, which also covers the battery compartment, can be closed again only with some difficulty. - One of the two devices is in a room with fairly thick walls. This device loses connection to the network every 1 to 2 weeks. Unfortunately, the device does not reconnect on its own, even if you place it near the router. You have to remove the batteries and put them back in after a short pause, then it will reconnect. This should not require removing the batteries. There is always an alarm when the connection is lost. - The alarm tone could be a bit louder.
3D Printer Prusa i3 DIY
I ordered this 3D printer because I wanted to use it for my own projects. Unfortunately, I have not yet managed to level the hotbed properly. The rear locking screw is completely tightened, but the hotbed is still too high in the back and the screw in the front right is practically falling out, even though it is not tightened at all, even though the hotbed is still too low. The rods that hold the carriage are straight, as is the table. Maybe someone knows what can be done about this, because it is impossible to print anything this way. For assembly: The assembly was relatively problem-free, but someone could show how to route the cables because otherwise you have to do it again and again, which is very tiring. I have already contacted support, but after a week-long wait, I still have not received a response. Returning it is unfortunately no longer an option. I had expected a bit more.
I am positively surprised by how robust and precise it is.
Sadly, my old measuring slide has given up the ghost after many years of use, so I had to get a new one. This one looks very robust and is just as precise after several test measurements. It comes with two batteries, so you can start using it straight away. The packaging of the slide is simple, but it fulfills its purpose perfectly. Otherwise, the slide is faultless and has all the necessary measuring methods. I can give it a full score and I believe it will last at least as long as the old measuring slide. I give it a clear recommendation to buy and a good measuring instrument belongs in every household.
Disgusting, persistent odor
I bought the bracelet and did not wear it because it emitted a disgusting odor. To this day, the odor has not gone away, even though it was "aired out" constantly. Since it was no longer possible to return it, I disposed of it. I would not recommend purchasing it.
Okay for the price.
The stars and balls on this necklace are a bit too big for my personal taste, which makes it look quite bulky. The larger balls are free to move, which I actually quite like. However, the necklace is overall very simply made, which is why I have already had to repair the clasp twice. While I have been able to fix it so far, I don’t think this will continue to be the case. But for the low price, you really can’t expect anything particularly high quality.
A very beautiful piece of jewelry
This is a beautifully crafted bracelet – and the simple clasp actually holds up! You just have to pull the end through the loop – it won’t come undone, amazing! I have rubbed it with some leather conditioner, which makes it even softer and more comfortable to wear. However: if you have something magnetic on your arm, the clasp is made of steel!
Unfortunately, it’s junk! I was already disappointed after unpacking it, because the small displays on the transmitters were all scratched, giving me the feeling that it was used merchandise. The base station was okay. Now onto the function: it only connects after some fiddling around… if you follow the instructions, it won’t work at all. Only after I removed a battery from the base station and put it back in did the transmitters finally connect. Unfortunately, my joy about this didn’t last long, because the connection was gone again after only an hour, even though the transmitters were next to the base station. The display of the three transmitters was also very different! All in all, it’s not worth using for me! I sent it back! I would definitely advise against buying it, it just causes trouble!
Transport damage.
Hello, I had this garden pump before and unfortunately the thread on the internal shaft rusted after 3.5 years. I bought it again because I urgently needed it due to the current drought and I knew the connections for the suction line and the discharge line would fit. I hope that the shaft on the previous pump had a manufacturing defect and that the new pump will last longer. Unfortunately, the new pump had transport damage, the plastic housing was cracked and the ventilation slots broken. The box was also damaged on the outside, which is why I would recommend packaging the pump better in the future, rather than just using a thin cardboard box. I kept the pump anyway because, as described above, I urgently needed it and the cracks in the plastic housing did not affect the pump's performance.
Maybe we should have thought this through better. Since I often have to deal with many different keys, I thought an organizer would be more convenient than carrying around a huge set of keys all the time. At first, everything went pretty well. However, the finish soon started to wear off and the screws had to be tightened again and again. It’s nice that this can be done with a penny, but only a penny will do. I couldn’t find a slotted screwdriver that wouldn’t damage the entire screw right away. Now, to get to the most annoying part of the whole thing: attaching the keys. It’s nice that you can adjust the screws to different sizes or lengths by changing the parts, but once you’ve screwed everything together, you need pliers to take everything apart again. Attaching the keys themselves is simply a game of patience, balance, and dexterity. Finally, on the third time I assembled it, the screw broke in the thread and made the entire thing unusable. Conclusion: if you need to use it at all, only use it for the necessary keys once and never again. And at this price, you can also buy a cheaper alternative.
Do not fully match the stated measurements
The zippers are smooth-running, the material feels robust, and all of this in a lightweight design. Since I have no comparisons (this is my first organizer set), I will only be able to actually evaluate the product after the first use. Before then, I can already say that the height is lower than stated. At the moment, I still can’t really imagine packing everything there for a three-week vacation, for example. In case of emergency, the really large items can be packed directly in the suitcase, just like before. It should also be noted that 10 pieces were delivered, not 8, as there were two smaller bags/tubes included in the round cosmetic bag. The processing quality is not high, but I wanted to mention that anyway. The fact that the cosmetic bag has a different color tone and is made of a different material than the other bags doesn’t bother me personally. I see the price-performance ratio as a trial price and that’s okay.
So lala.
So, I ordered it before Christmas and it worked until after Christmas. Now, when I tried to use it again, it wouldn't work. Battery? Changed. But it still doesn't work. So, I could have just thrown the money in the trash can.
Cleaning is always a good thing! The application is simple, but you should be very careful when using the brush to avoid damaging the needle. I was unable to detect any improvement in sound quality on my high-quality turntable.
Long battery life.
The headphones are wonderfully protected. Two black cables were included. The battery life is very long. The sound quality is definitely completely satisfactory. I was pleased that the headphones do not cause discomfort even after prolonged use and are therefore very comfortable to wear. The ear cups are very soft and pleasant to wear. The weight is also kept very low. I would recommend this product for purchase.
a stylish dress
This is a very nice dress that is versatile enough for a wide range of occasions. The price is great, especially considering that I also got it during a special promotion. It fits perfectly in my size, which I am glad about because it was recommended not to order a smaller size (which I would have regretted). I just wish that the neckline wasn't so deep and that the sleeves could handle a bit more fabric (if you don't have as narrow upper arms as the model in the picture). Overall, though, it is a nice dress for many occasions.
Keep your hands off it. It couldn’t get any worse. I really and truly did not expect such junk to be sold these days. The drive is being operated on a High End Asus ROG Strix Scar II Gaming Laptop. It is safe to assume that the USB ports provide sufficient power. Nevertheless, it is not possible to operate this drive without any issues. DVDs work normally, but Blu-rays are only recognized to a limited extent. The discs have to be inserted multiple times before they are finally recognized. During this process, the drive makes noises like those that were heard from old PCs and the very first CD-ROM drives in the 90s. After a few minutes, the computer either has to be restarted because it stops responding, or the disc is finally recognized. However, in no case should you press pause, jump to a different chapter, change the language during the movie, or do anything else. This will immediately result in an unfixable freeze. On top of that, no Blu-ray software is included. If you purchase PowerDVD or similar software at an additional cost, the price of this drive doubles.
It does what it's supposed to do, but it's not particularly attractive. First of all, I would like to point out that the two USB ports are actually a bit of a sham, because only the port facing upwards is a USB port. The other plug is only there to charge devices and is therefore relatively useless. I didn't know this when I bought it, which is why I was a bit disappointed. I actually needed a second port and if I had just needed a plain extension cord, I definitely wouldn't have bought this awkward lump with gold plugs. However, aside from my misjudgment about the appearance, the extension cord fulfills its purpose very reliably. And because of the weight of the plug, the USB stick inserted into it doesn't just dangle around aimlessly like it would with a regular extension cord. So it wasn't a real mistake to buy it, but my excitement is kept in check within reasonable limits :-).
Small but mighty! I bought this product so that I could connect an audio output and a display to my iPad (Pro). With iOS 12, you can now also transfer data back and forth. This works very well. Furthermore, the audio output was as expected. Other adapters that I had to send back were unable to perform this function. The HDMI output is practical. I can now connect a PS4 controller via BT to the tablet and the HDMI is connected to the TV. Charging while using it is no problem. The sound is delivered via HDMI. What else do I need my PlayStation for? There was a small adapter included that can be attached to the tablet. This adapter is supposed to provide stability and also has a magnetic holder. My case does not fit with the adapter, but it still provides stability and has contact, so... Overall, it is a bit expensive, but justified by the full range of functions. It is also very small and made of sturdy aluminum. The price-performance ratio is good.
A lot of performance.
Top device. It has been running without any problems for months. It is not exactly light or quiet, but it delivers plenty of performance. I find the medium temperature setting (Tp setting) to be a bit too cool, so I always keep it on level 2. It has also fallen onto the tiled floor more than once and has survived unscathed. I also like the simple design – competitor products often look like spaceships.
Very good
The processing of the brush head left a very good impression, even though the price difference compared to the original is very large, but does not give the impression of being cheap. In use, the feeling of a high-quality process is confirmed. Overall, I found these brushes to be very good and can be recommended without reservation.
Great product with weak battery.
We have been using the tracker for about 6 months and we are positively surprised – in live mode, the location tracking is accurate to within 0.5m. However, when the dog is inside the house, the tracker sometimes jumps a few meters, but this is not a major issue. We would definitely buy it again. What would be great, however, is a battery that lasts longer. At the moment, it lasts for about 1.5 days. A solution that could last for 7-14 days would be great. There is an XL version, but unfortunately it is too big for our taste – the battery would not last that long and we would have to change it every day, which we find impractical. After all, we should be spending time with our dog, not changing their collar:-). The app also worked perfectly.
After just a few weeks of rubbish.
We have already ordered the shoes in several sizes and they fit well and seem comfortable. However, their lifespan is decreasing. Although my son only wears the shoes in physical education class, the soles are already falling apart after just a few weeks and the shoes can no longer be used. With the last pair, it was also the case that they did not last very long in normal use, but I thought they would be sufficient for physical education class. Unfortunately, this was not the case. The shoes are expensive garbage and absolutely not recommended.
Fits perfectly – but is it the original? My last pair of Crocs unfortunately fell apart after 5 years, so I was happy to order a new pair. These ones are unfortunately poorly made at first glance. They are just as comfortable as the ones I had before. At first glance, there seems to be no difference, but upon closer inspection you can see that the edges are poorly made and the strap at the heel fits quite loosely and probably won’t last as long as my previous pair, which lasted five years. I’m curious to see how these hold up.
Surprisingly good.
Since there are hardly any reviews for this product yet, I was initially very skeptical. However, since I am going to a festival this year and would like to sleep in my car, I decided to order it on a whim. The delivery included the mattress and an air pump for the car. As for the mattress, I tested it out by laying it in my car (a Citroen Berlingo). I noticed that there was some mold on one side. I wiped it away and hope that it doesn’t come back. After pumping it up, I immediately lay down on it for a test. It is very comfortable and fits perfectly in the car. Of course, this mattress cannot replace your own bed, but for days at a festival it is pure luxury. The mattress fits perfectly in my car. Beforehand, we removed the seats in the back. It fits perfectly in this way. The air pump: The air pump has different adapters. The mattress requires two different adapters, which can also be found on the pump. The pump is plugged into the cigarette lighter of the car. However, the plug was defective (something to do with the soldering). My boyfriend is handy, so he was able to fix it and it worked perfectly again. The pump inflated the mattress in no time at all. Overall, I am very impressed with the mattress. I am looking forward to the durability test at the festival. I hope that it does not lose air and lasts a long time. I also hope that the mold does not come back. After the test, I can already recommend it. If I have any other experiences, I will revise the review accordingly (if possible).
Definitely not worth more than 10€… Unfortunately, I can only give the calendar two stars. :( 1. For the fast shipping. 2. For the idea behind the toy. Unfortunately, the calendar was torn through the first few doors due to poor workmanship. On the 21st door, there were no more doors left and I had to more or less allow my son to take out the remaining parts because they had already come off the doors. The parts often come out of order, which often means that you have to take the car apart again to put the parts back in. After the car is completely assembled, parts fall off during playtime (mostly the windshield. This is also very difficult to put back on.) In general, I would not buy this calendar again and would not recommend it to anyone else. Maybe the manufacturers will reconsider the way they designed the calendar for the next edition and do a better job. :\
a real drone
I am thrilled with the drone. My 7-year-old daughter flies it. It flies very well indoors and the 5 minute flight time is usually more than enough. I didn't expect hairs not to get caught in the drone or for it to break easily, given the price, but crashes from the ceiling onto the floor, whether it's tiles or carpet, are no problem. The customer service is great if you have any questions.
Game is OK, but can only be played with a Steam code. When I bought it, I didn’t realize that it was not a game CD, but merely a code that allows you to download the game. This wouldn’t be a problem if you were not forced to install Steam in order to play the game, which is outrageous. Since then, my computer has been constantly freezing, which would not be the case if I had only installed the game.
Unfortunately, this is due to the battery life.
I had been looking forward to using the watch. The design and appearance were great, and it displayed messages without any problems. The controls worked well… And yet, I am sending it back. The big issue: the battery and its runtime. Charged in the evening, just placed on a shelf overnight, and in the morning the battery had lost 11% even though it had not been used. If many messages came in during the day, the battery was already dead by noon/early afternoon, and then you couldn’t even read the time. Therefore, it is not useful for me. A real shame.
Luxurious packaging with limitations
For the sleazy Samsung Galaxy S10+, it is absolutely necessary to get a case. Recently, I have been liking cases that also allow you to insert a credit card. This case offers that feature. If you insert cards into all three compartments, it will be too much and the lid will stick up a bit. One is enough for me. The leather case gives a robust impression and seems to be well made. It looks elegant. The phone is embedded around the edges of the case, with the exception of the ports, which have cutouts. Otherwise, you can easily operate the power button and volume controls on the sides of the case. The downside is that it is not possible to charge the phone on some QI chargers due to the thickness of the case, even on the leather QI charging station from TORRO. You can only charge accessories such as the Galaxy Buds when the case is removed. Otherwise, it looks really nice and is well made!
High-quality case with bulletproof film
The sturdy case with a real bulletproof glass screen protector in a classic design offers all-round protection for the entire iPhone 11. It fits very well and can also be put on easily. The material is pleasant to hold and does not get dirty. This is a truly successful and beautiful product with a very good price-to-performance ratio. This case gives the phone some stability. It is not too bulky and fits securely on the phone. Overall, a good purchase.
